mm-hmm headphones sir oh yeah do I have
to there better lock in would live hey
Andrew how you doing I'm good how are
you I'm good man what's up chillin man
thanks for having me
thanks for being here hey I like what
you doing thank you I like a lot of
things you're doing first of all I like
the year you decided to put all your
shit on YouTube yes fuck it
yeah look it's hard look there's about a
million fucking comedians today right
there's more comedians now than ever
yeah I'll walk in doing there's like a
million comedians today yeah and a lot
of these companies are overwhelmed yeah
no room for all these up-and-coming guys
that are coming up yeah and you know
some some guys like you are really good
I think if there's they're looking you
know like how do you how do you get your
shit out there well just put it out
there on you do exactly that oh yeah I
mean everybody just said no to me that
was a thing so I didn't have a choice
well a lot of people that's happen in
the Brian Cowen right now right and then
he just did his right yeah posted his
thing but he's releasing it on iTunes
he's releasing it on all the other
platform right but there's no fucking
room yeah it's it's a weird thing
because I guess for me you know that the
stand-up industry wasn't really inviting
to me even from the beginning so a
couple years ago I filmed my own and
especially when I did it in New York and
I did five clubs and I did the cab rides
in between and the idea was are if you
don't fuck with me at least you can
appreciate you know this part of
stand-up that is being a New York guy
did you do 15 minutes that's it yes
please oh wow that's cool yeah so I was
like I was like if you love the game
yeah you at least will take a look at
this and maybe support this right and
everybody said no like see so said no
whoa and I had a show with them humbling
you know and but I just believed in a
project and I thought it was dope so I
cut like I cut a 15-minute version but
I'll tell you I did is cuz uh you can
learn everything you need about stand-up
from asking people who don't do stand-up
really yeah like I asked all my friends
and just people I would meet up who you
watching you know these days
and you know they'd say the names we all
know and then they'd always say this
they'd be like yeah it was funny man but
I didn't finish it
hmm everybody said that right and I was
like all right so it's too long yeah so
I cut it down to 15 I did like a 15
minute version of the special I did for
clubs and I just put it right on the
YouTube and it was weird I like sold-out
shows that weekend in San Diego and I
was never a sellout guy you know I have
a few guys come out from the podcast I
do and that messed up but it was never
like a like a sellout you know right and
I was like well that's kind of weird and
then I did a show in like Columbus Ohio
you know the was at the funny bone out
there yeah a great Club great Club and I
think we stolen like 1600 tickets and I
was like what the fuck is happening like
I was never not in Ohio you know and
like people are coming out like I like
the thing I was like oh shit maybe
people are watching this and I started
to kind of like sit back for a second I
was like why are people watching man
maybe it's short and I was like all
right fuck it you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna put a joke out a week for a
year you know I got another 45 minutes
left of the special and I could probably
produce some more stand-up I'll just put
a joke out a week there was this singer
who was doing that and like he just put
a song out a week his name was Russ and
I was like all right that's he's a
worker
I can I can at least control that I can
outwork somebody so I'll do that and I
put the choke out for a week and like
the joke started to go and like someone
would go viral and I was like yo this is
crazy
and people were coming out to shows and
then my YouTube guy hits me he goes you
know something weird has happened and I
go what's up and he goes when people
watch a clip they'll watch for two hours
what do you mean like they'll just get
lost in a wormhole and I go so wait a
minute so people aren't watching an hour
of stand-up on the network's
because it's too long but they're
watching two hours of mine I'm like why
the fuck would that happen and we
figured out that it was you made the
choice when you're in control your
destiny right you'll invest as much time
as you want it's hitting snooze on the
alarm clock so I'll take another eight
minutes I'll take another eight minutes
I won't set my alarm clock for an hour
later yeah that would be irresponsible
but I'll snooze snooze snooze and when
people make their own fucking choice it
was like it was just crazy to see what
happened man it's also the platform the
platform mean people on their phones
Netflix told me that half the people
that watch my special watchin are
followers
absolutely so people that are watching
phones they're they're you're you're on
that goddamn thing all day long and it's
way easier to flip a channel it's ways
you just you get that remote in your
hand anyway when you sit yeah that's a
really good point when you're on your
phone you're going fullscreen you gotta
like tap it move it and you don't know
what's in it I know if I turn this
channel it's espn2 exactly I don't know
if I leave this video what I'm gonna see
next yeah yeah a hundred percent so a
little bit of that there's a little bit
of phone addiction that contributes to a
lot of views yeah
but people love fucking YouTube I mean
the YouTube
never ends you could be on it for the
rest of your life and not put a dent in
the content yeah yeah I mean it's space
yeah especially if you have like me I
got a lot of weird interests like you
look at like what it suggests for me
yeah it's like shit on the cosmos muscle
cars professional pool matches MMA yeah
it's chaos yeah archery it's all elk
hunting and shit it's crazy like I could
never leave my fucking house just sit
with my phone plugged in the wall and
just shit to you right oh yeah and then
relates yeah I do want to check that out
as soon as they did that I saw this one
back when there was no suggestions
remember those days of course the dark
days yeah as soon as they start
suggesting shit I was like oh my god
that's a dig that's a game-changer yeah
and then the next video just
automatically plays like you got yeah
it's over it's like it's just right
there you have all your access points to
it you know I mean that that was the
beauty of it I found it's like you know
with the special your fate your your
maybe the best joke that you have on
your special to someone else mmm it's 33
minutes in right
so that guy's gotta wait 33 minutes
hoping you're gonna hit that joke right
on YouTube like if I had your special
not cut it up to jokes on YouTube what
topic not you know everything we're
under an umbrella you know and you have
an access point here you have let's say
six different access points with the new
special I have out now right it's it's
six different pieces so is
different access point every cent of
time some people might come for a Trump
joke some people might come for a tranny
joke it doesn't matter right so it's not
the situation where you have to go okay
maybe I hit 37 minutes in this bit that
I love no you're gonna get that bit
right away and then you're gonna go back
to the beginning and go okay I'm gonna
watch this all the way through hmm it's
the music model like for me I didn't
invent anything I just stole it from
music right it's like musicians put out
a single for a reason yeah I I kind of
I'd like that
if you're thinking about marketing yes
complete complete like you and I aren't
places with stand-up right like you're
one of the most famous people in the
world right so you don't need to find
new people to see you people are going
to watch your standup because they're
like all right I have an intimate
relationship with this guy I listen to
him eight hours a week and I just want
to see his stand-up right I'm still in
marketing phase I'm like how can I get
new people to say there's five people
that should have comedy specials now
Rock Chapelle Louie Burke that's it
everybody else should be an acquisition
face why I don't know about that man I
don't buy any of that I don't first of
all I don't think that way I never worry
about it what other people are doing
I just don't think about it and then to
all I concentrate on is doing my best
shit that's it right and once I got to a
point where I was successful enough
where I didn't have to worry about money
it was a huge relief and honestly I
think I started doing my best work of
course because then I wasn't thinking I
didn't have any resources that were
dialed into how do I promote this and
how do I get that going all my resources
like this bit need something more I
gotta figure out how to really sell that
I know I gotta put maybe if I switched
it around and so it's all about alchemy
yeah you know it's all about adding shit
I'm gonna make gold we're all doing it's
like stirring in the lab trying to make
because you love creating them yeah well
I don't have there's no thoughts on
marketing now but but that's you found
out you love creating yeah sure
creating what people some people don't
know that like some I feel like success
teaches you exactly what you wanted
like these people who blow up with stand
up and never do it again yeah they never
wanted to be a stand-up right right
right right it's like if you blow up and
all you're thinking about is how do I
make this toe knuckle hair joke better
right you love the game yeah you're like
I know the greatest thing that ever
happened for me was I stop desiring
things I couldn't control right like I
realized oh I don't care about a special
on HBO or Netflix I just wanted people
to see it right and if they see it and
ten people see it that's cool because I
just loved making it and if a million
people see it that's also cool but if
anybody sees it as gratitude right here
I'm saying like yeah before I was just
this void like so many so much of us are
like comics I was just like trying to
fill up you know like I'm sure you get
you know people asking to be on the show
and all that shit on it all the time and
like it's just comics trying to take you
feel themselves like and I was in tight
a little fucking brat probably why don't
I have a special one that there's a lot
of that go on it's useless bro but I
couldn't you know how like every rich
person goes money doesn't make you happy
and every poor person is like man when
I'm rich I'm gonna be happy yeah it's I
feel like it's like that like I needed
to get a certain amount of success for
me to realize man I just love making
these things yeah everybody does it's
like everybody does and if you don't if
you don't mean you're either blessed or
stupid yeah one of those things it's
it's either hey this guy's just pure or
a woman who's pure right from the top
and you just use all about creating but
yeah it's really just about you know I
was talking to shop about it that we
were at the comedy store back on stage
I'm like how fun is killing killing is
the most fun I don't understand how
people could quit this yeah quit doing
comedy man how how why would you call my
got all the shit that I do if they said
you could only do one abliss comedy
question everything else I could just
pretend I'm doing you know whether it's
a UFC commentary I just sit at home and
watch TV and just talk about what
someone's supposed to be doing you can't
fake it
right Caffe calm
you can fake literally everything else
everything else you can't fake Ellen
yeah you and I can have the same fucking
conversation we probably would if there
was no cameras no if you and I were just
chilling in the main room green room
with the only store we probably have the
same conversation facts 100% yeah but
when you go up there that is a that is a
precision art form that requires
calculation and also zen-like smoothness
and alpha flow you got to be in the zone
you got to be in that flow state yep you
got to be happy you know Charles got to
be focused yeah I'll be having a good
time but concentrating on these people
and and projecting to them and you want
them to have a good time you know the
whole ideal is one of the best things
about this job is you're making people
feel good yes you're you're they're
coming out of their house to see you and
they come out of there feeling better
they have a good time yeah everything
goes right they love it no better they
and my mom my mom said the exact same
things like you're very lucky you get to
make people feel good for a living yeah
a sickle job yes like how rare is that
imagine he's like insurance guys has to
like tell people they can't get their
bills paid from their car accident
because it was their fault
our imagine feel like one of those big
tobacco guys you're driving around Rolls
Royce knowing that someone's on an iron
lung somewhere yeah know what someone's
drowning in their own fluid it's like
it's bull fighting yeah that's what we
do it's what you said it so well he's
like because people used to always make
the boxing analogy and I hated that
because I used to box a little bit and
like I never at all felt that it was
similar like I've never heard a boxer go
yeah this is just like stand-up it is
like a martial art in that the truth is
what works go on that because in martial
arts if you like the in particularly in
martial arts
not just in boxing boxing is a martial
art but the only stuff that works is the
stuff that works and if you hit a guy
he goes unconscious it doesn't matter
one of the things that I used to like
about fighting was that everybody could
hate me and I didn't care I didn't care
because when I got in there yeah I'm
like I knew that I was gonna fuck that
guy up it doesn't matter what his
friends think doesn't matter how well
loved his parents cheer yeah I'm gonna
kick that dude in his head and I'm gonna
separate him from his consciousness
meritocrat that just gonna happen yeah
and there's nothing and you could hate
me all day long it doesn't matter but
then I had to switch gears a hundred
percent in the comedy and I thought they
were so different and then I realized
because in comedy you have to get the
people to like you right you can't just
have these ideas and be unlikable can't
you get them to respect you yeah
but they gotta like you I mean you can
get them to respect even respect its
liking you like do you have to be
someone could say one thing like there's
like the late great Brody Stevens who
just passed yeah if you looked at
Brody's material on paper some of it
wasn't funny and when you looked at it
in real life it was some of my best
material that I ever saw anybody do
right because Brody's personality was so
likable he was funny on stage that you
just wanted to laugh at him it just he
figured out authenticity yeah it's yeah
and when I was starting out I didn't
have that I was I couldn't I didn't I
had a hard time making that switch then
once I get better it's I got better at
stand-up I realized I go there's it's so
similar because either it's funny or
it's not funny take either it works or
doesn't work and your job is not like
some comics get they get caught up in
their image they get caught up in how
they want the audience to think of them
yep yeah and they dress a certain way on
purpose because they want to project
this image and they'll even say things
on stage that are kind of gross you know
that they're only saying it because they
want the audience to think they're cool
all right and it gives you a little like
you but maybe they're good enough so
that you see laughs not everybody yeah
say it is authenticity illuminates all
those comments can't follow a real comic
right never notices like when you see
someone who's being truthful he might
not even be as funny he might not be
killing as hard but it's so authentic
that when the comic comes next it feels
like they're reading jokes off a paper
right
right and it's our bodies are keyed into
like comedies reptilian if you do it
right right you know like a lot of times
people ask like why like old women can
laugh at the same jokes that I'm telling
that like these young people can laugh
at and then my response is always it's
not their choice like I'm not telling
you jokes to your choice like The Daily
Show Trevor Noah is jokes about how you
want the world to be right I'm telling
you jokes about how you deep down via is
going at your gut it's reptile shit
yeah so it's like if it's in here
already right you're gonna laugh for Gus
how old you are or goes to how you were
raised this is how you feel and I think
it's why you guys love Diaz so much yeah
doing it mean it's like he doesn't have
know how to not be himself is he's like
like he's like what is he
Latino what kind of latch is he he's a
Cuban Larry David yeah do you know what
I mean it's just like like what is Larry
David the whole show is what if someone
was authentic 24 hours a day right what
was Patrice raw authenticity 24 hours a
day were drawn to that in its worst form
in its best form but we're fucking drawn
to that and like there's something
beautiful that like that's why I always
use a bullfighter analogy it's like the
bull for me is the premise it's not the
crowd mmm the crowd is still the crowd
right it's like how close can I get to
this dangerous premise right and I don't
want to box with it I want to dance with
it right I wanted to put my his nose up
against my nose and then I want to
secure it but before Ice Cube up and do
that shit where I click my heels and I
do the little cape and I want to
entertain the fuck out of the crowd with
this dangerous that's what the fuck we
did that's why we roll our eyes when we
see the pandering shit we're like right
what are you wasting this for exact
fucking superpower
well I think we're in this weird time
period you know there's an ebb and a
flow to comedy and right now it's the
weirdest AB because right now you have
this weird comedy that it's people are
saying things that they want the crowd
to hear
rather than saying things that are funny
they're saying things to hit all these
checkpoints of progressive thinking as a
cyst white male it's like a real it's
not really special to have that now is
called views from the sis yeah it's a
play off a Drake album called views from
the 6 but the idea is just like yeah
these are straight guy views yeah yeah
this is what the world needs right now
well you know the world needs
authenticity yeah whether its
authenticity from a trans person or
authenticity from a straight guy the
world needs someone to go out there and
and say what the fuck they really think
and have a well measured take on things
and that's what I see you're doing what
you're doing is you're you're going out
there you're expressing yourself and the
great thing about being turned down by
all these platforms is they can't censor
you yes they're not gonna tell you hey
Andrew we really like you but um tranny
we can't have Trant you can't say that
you know why not well I was like how
come you can say cabbie
but you can't say Tran granny yeah the
joke I have is transgender tranny
grandmother granny it's yeah dick how is
this bad right now what is happening we
it's kind of cute bro it's we do it out
of love yeah if we shorten something and
adda why it's affectionate sort of what
uh if you pull your hammy talking shit
to someone to call them shorty hey
fucking shorty ready yeah that's longer
shorty is longer yeah if you add that's
why black is wrong right sorta yeah
traps what about it that's not good
but Jackie is cute Jap are you talking
about Japanese people Oh calm the Japs
yes Chinese yeah why is that bad well
it's bad because that's how the soldiers
used to talk about him and the people
just talk about him during World War two
when they were at war with them so
here's my question
what if somebody was like you know as
one of the most refined cultures and
delicious cuisine that I've ever
experienced these Japs
you can't say you know dance is the best
the spics it's like so I was talking to
this there's a there was a there's a
trans chick that got upset at the joke
and she was like you know she basically
said to me she's like how you know you
probably wouldn't like it too if as you
were walking home at night someone
called you tranny and then threw a
bottle at you and I was like I'm out
respond to you know the negative
comments but all I'm thinking is if you
were walking home at night and someone
said transgender and then threw a bottle
at you I think it'd be equally upsetting
yeah right it's not what the word is
it's like there are certain words that
are made to make you feel bad the n-word
is made specifically to make you feel
less you're a black guy is using it with
your friends right and even then it is
like you can use it however you want but
the designation of the word right is to
make you feel but that's what it's
designed for that's what it for but I
think black people have successfully
taken a word that was negative and
empowered it sure to the point where
it's laughing fun a but good times and
bad times you could use to describe a
powerful person yeah you'd used to
describe an amazing artist an amazing
athlete yeah use it yeah it is the most
fluid word it's unbelievable it's an
incredible word in terms of like its
ability to be used on you know it's
almost like the word fuck right like you
could stub your toe and fuck or you
could see a Ferrari go fuck yeah it's
you know in brazilian it's the word come
they use for that when why yeah it's Pau
Pau ha okay so like you know like
someone will catch a guy in a choke or
go poha like that's a good thing or you
fuck up yourself you like poha Mikey in
Spanish it's a puta holiday yeah like
mother bitch yes like a great could be a
good thing both I'm out I do but that
makes sense like mother
but come doesn't even make any stray my
feeling of it when you come it's like
that is the sensation like that was so
good
watching you do that almost felt like me
nothing and it could be bad in that like
your dick tricked you and the fucking
this girl you've been trying to avoid
and then you come and you're like doing
that is theirs we're great women will
never understand post note syndrome
syndrome because this is something
exclusive to us yes like I don't know I
like you until I come
yeah that's true right yeah yeah and
that's why it's so fucked up like when
you know women think we're fuck boys and
we're pieces of shit as dudes it's like
you don't get it I think I like you
right everything I'm saying to you I
believe right and my dick is just saying
yeah we will find out and there are
times where you nut and it's like damn
yeah you realize you've made a mistake
especially if the woman is really into
you and you're really not into her
you're like oh I made an error and then
you do feel like an asshole yeah but if
you say that to them they're like you're
a fucking asshole Mike I'm just being
honest with you ology I got tricked yeah
by genetics yeah why can't that be my
biology why can't I feel so for women
yeah explain what this is like
yeah you have this it's like finding out
your guy was poor this is what it's like
this is how I describe it having an
erection and getting excited it's like
sitting in the backseat of a really long
bus okay and there's some other guy up
there driving the bus most of the time
you're driving the bus not when your
dick is hard when you dick is hard to
some other guy driving the bus and all
the windows are rolled down there's
papers flying around the horns honking
tire
and you look at it life taking place
through a dirty windshield a hundred
feet away from you and you're like do
you even know where the fuck you're
going and your dicks like just shut the
fuck up and calm down I got this and
then when you come all of a sudden the
fog parts and you're at the front of the
bus holding the wheel
you're like what what am I doing here
yeah how do I get here
ah and you look down at your deck you
motherfucker
bro it's it's being a werewolf yeah it
is being a where well right like isn't
that what it's a data for for oh yeah
you're this ravenous creature you're
running around doing crazy shit and then
you wake up in the morning naked you're
verified covered in blood
yeah well sometimes sometimes yeah yeah
god damn it what did i do what did i do
I got to turn myself in yeah it's it's
terrible but that's one of the reasons
why you know it's so hilarious when you
see someone who is a stereotypical male
feminist because you know they barely
have enough testosterone to keep their
heart beating and they probably don't
get PostNet syndrome because they just
want everyone to love them yeah and
they're in this weird state of you know
Benedict Arnold there being a gender
traitor this really what's going on man
that want women to be valued there's men
that want women to have all the same all
the same opportunities and equality and
they want they want to value them as
human beings and that's all real though
that is real but there's way more sneaky
weak fucks that are pretending they
think like this because they know that
women go good good you're on our side
you're an ally come over here ally here
you're a male ally and they're always
he's like weaselly little dudes with
tiny hands and even if they're big
they're like they're awkward and if had
a lot of time with women
and so they just shit on these men who
they feel they're in competition with
it's a complete hater moves absolutely
you see and everything you see in comedy
it's like oh I can't do that type of
comedy so I'm gonna make that comedy
radioactive so that this is the only
type of comedy that's allowed yeah you
know I'm saying hey that comedy is so
for example like it doesn't have to be
comic it really be any kind of situation
and so you're just trying to carve out
the market share right oh that commies
dirty that's edgy that's sexist that's
bigoted censor it censor it
all that's saying is I don't want to
compete with pussy with those guys it's
a little bit of that but it's also like
the same thing you see what the right
versus the left like there's a lot of
people online from each side they wanna
censor the opinions of the other people
for sure instead of having a better
opinion yeah so it's like and when they
don't have a better opinion they just
make you radioactive so they don't even
have to talk to you yeah your race is
hey Joe Rogan you're racist you know
what do you mean let's talk about you're
like I'll talk to races yeah that was
clever what you did yeah I went through
that like the second I had an opinion
that went against the grain
immediately I'm labeled as something and
they don't even have to have a dialogue
with right they just shut you down well
yeah
oh you're white supremacist exactly oh
you're alright yes oh you're this you're
that yeah it's it's it's a simple week
way to end the conversation but all does
is except it only works it's like it's
like a magic trick
it only works if you don't know what
they're trying to do so how what
percentage of the population knows it
right that's that's a question I've been
trying to wrap my head around is like
like you and I can sit here and and see
this all day but I think most people are
seeking confirmation not information
right most people like they start out
their day going I feel this way it could
be right left central it doesn't matter
and then they're seeking out information
that confirms that you know what there's
a parallel to that with what we were
talking about what stand-up comedy in
your career because the reason why those
people seek out confirmation rather than
information is because they're insecure
they're not at a good place yes but once
you're in a good place
like everything feels good like say if
you're in a good relationship and you
know you have a good woman in your
and you're happy and everything's going
well then you see a lot of things for
what they are versus if you're in the
hunt you're trying to get people to love
you you know no man you don't have any
excel it's like I mean this is a weird
like segue to it but like I tried mom
I've never did a lot of drugs by tribe
Molly at Burning Man right and it was
the first time that I experienced maybe
outside of like comedy but first time I
experienced having like extra love yeah
right so instead of operating on a
deficit and like trying to make you
laugh so I feel the void are like trying
to say something interesting so I feel a
void I had extra and what I did with the
extra without even realizing it is I
called my closest friends and my parents
and I just told them how special they
were now I didn't realize that until
years later that that's what you do with
excess yeah right so how do I get to
excess without drugs right the question
for me was also how do I find
fulfillment in shit that is not in other
people's hands so much like when we when
we were talking to the Comi store like
would I fucking love about the LA scene
right now is that comics have control of
it right so it's like comics are pushing
the comedy culture right now and it's
because they're empowered you guys have
money
you guys have sustainability with your
fans
you're not going how am I gonna get
another pilot with Comedy Central am I
gonna be here of course when the
industry ran it comedy sucked you guys
are talking about fucking unicycles and
shit right and that's why and that's why
now it's true and and and and look we
would come out in from New York and we
would come out and we'd be kind of
disillusioned at the comedy scene back
here and maybe that was like some New
York west coast East Coast beef or
whatever and but what's funny is how the
ecosystem always balances itself because
as soft as comedy was out here all the
sudden out of nowhere this show called
roast battle pops up right show the
heart grow like wild insane but here's a
perfect example
Comedy Central took that and they half
watered it cut it like they would sell
cocaine yeah but you're not getting a
pure no not even remotely they took all
the juicy stuff
right out but it was real for you can go
there still on Tuesday night and that
place gets fucking wild I get sad
what do you mean I feel sad for some
people that get toasted up there I saw a
joke there was some kid who's not
retarded but what is it yeah yeah and
and and he's up there with his palsy and
the other guy goes uh he goes he goes
you look like your arms drew your legs
[Music]
put your body in a blender no he looks
like someone put your voodoo doll in a
blender oh it was so ruthless but that's
what it needed to balance a system right
well it definitely helped you know
there's a bunch of factors but what
would roast battle is first of all
there's the there's good things in bad
things about first of all Brian Moses
the guy who hosted is one of the nicest
guys on the planet wolf and that helps
and then also he says you know it never
gets physical at the end we all hug like
this good in that of course you know and
then when people go after each other
like there's a guilty pleasure to it
that doesn't exist anymore it's like
there's a guilty pleasure to that kind
of humor it's very hard to get if you're
a fan of that kind of fucking vicious
awful comedy it's very difficult to get
anymore because people don't roast each
other anymore
no they're free yeah there's freedom
there and they're soft like like these
kids are soft man and it's we gotta stop
blaming kids we just gotta start blaming
parents like my parents were hard made
my mom is immigrant maybe that's what it
is she's Scottish but like my parents
were tough like my mom let me punch my
brother in the face once because he like
pulled my backpack or something he like
pulled my back when I was like mom he
pulled my backpack and I just punch him
she's like once it was like for her when
she grew up that's what brothers did
yeah and like people always do you know
I know you have some guys come on the
show and they talk about how like it's
happening at the college level like
where entitling these kids it's I know
it's happening in elementary school it's
when these
kids what happened my boy Marco pointed
this out to me both his parents are
teachers in Rhode Island he's like what
happens is these these fucking kids
complain about their teacher in school
right and when you and I were in school
our parents would go well yeah sometimes
your teacher don't like you so figure it
out yeah
and now these kids go well mom dad the
teacher doesn't like me well let's
switch you out of this cool
let's switch your teacher let's get your
teacher fired so they start thinking the
world bends around them right yeah and
then now to shit with the colleges it's
like I can't get into USC and say don't
worry we'll figure out how to get you
into USC that's that fucking college
thing is nuts but we'll get to that I
want to know what do you think is the
root of the softness like what is the
surest is I what's the shit I know
exactly what is you know when power is
taken it's not given it's taken you have
to take it you have to rip it out of
somebody's fucking hands per hour right
yeah and after you take power out of
someone's hands that's the last thing
you take it's give right if you have the
right Constitution you have the right
constitution for power what have you
done with your power
you've uplifted a comedy scene you've
you do these shows where your host them
at the improv right that's not for you
right that's for comedy okay you're
hosting shows at these different places
you can sell out arenas but you're
choosing to do shows in this city I'm
assuming because you understand the
value of giving you're operating with
excess and just talk about that but
honestly the shows are for me to work
out yeah to work out but you could do an
hour you don't have to put other comics
on it Yeah right
yeah no I have to say so it's can you
come into the show tonight you know the
main like The Improv on Hollywood which
is sold out I already sold out yeah I
was about to try to help promote it but
it's like so so what happens is if you
have the right constitution for power
you take and then you provide for your
people you give back it certainly helps
it helps you do people don't realize
like how helping is addictive
yeah that's we can get to that you know
in a little bit but like once you
realize the value get from giving as
long as it's the right person yeah then
you just can't wait
yeah it's a trick I think that you
should keep it all to yourself
because when you keep it all yourself
you feel like shit yeah you're a piece
of shit then you become that weird old
miser that lives in the mansion on the
top of the hill and no one could talk to
him and you're miserable yeah and you
can go anywhere no it's uh and everybody
looks at you like you're that guy's got
all that money I gotta figure out how to
get his money I don't want to be you
want to be Ali yeah Ali walks around any
neighbor he wants he's dead but yeah
whatever what he did no security now he
could knock anybody out but at the same
time if he just goes hey guys give me a
second I need one he was older and he
could barely walk you would just go
everywhere any way you want to love them
because they recognized man we want to
follow but we want to follow the worthy
so we'll test worthiness no you know I'm
saying so what happened why these kids
are so soft is the the King takes power
and then raises a bitch-ass son because
he never had to take shit right right
and he doesn't want his son to go
through what he went through right you
know how hard it was to take his power
I'm I got one foot you know what I mean
I lost a foot in a power struggle and
now this son is everything's given to
him it's like the spoiled Prince in
every movie hate that fucking Prince so
I think the generation that's raising
kids right now spoil princes the
generation before that Vietnam right you
know I'm saying like they understood
sacrifice war yeah they understood the
investment in the country and then the
generation that came next was just
handed shit yeah hey everything's good
we're not we're not going whoa war is
just handled over there I don't got to
get drafted and yes it's like no I
almost think we should all be part of it
bro it's like a regret of mine that I
didn't do some sort of service because
it's like how you complain at all about
the country that you didn't put your
life on line there's a lot of countries
that have mandatory service they have
extreme levels of patriotism and this
yeah like South Korea for example they
took dong young Kim on was it uh ya know
who was it sent son Jung that's who it
was
in the Korean Zombie that's right that's
right he took him out of his prime and
he had to do two years of service in
this great army there's a Robinson
basketball player had to do that Navy
time really Joe yeah like you want
stand because we're so detached and I
don't hate on people for not realizing
it cuz we are detached it's what we do
like little you know some child slaves
make the iPhone them you know we're like
I just go you can only really be
connected to what's in your world direct
world I'm cool with that's life it is
what it is there's really no good or bad
things are you know what I mean so it's
like that's something to get to but it
is what it is right they were trying to
do an ethical phone remember that phone
was that phone called again they were
they're putting together some ethical
Android phone man come on fair phone
yeah it wasn't fair nobody bought it
fuck that shit was expensive I don't
think it's more expensive they have a
fair phone to pull that bitch up let's
see what we got let's see if it can fuck
with I'm trying to get off the Apple tip
I told you I got this Galaxy Note now
you gonna come back you're gonna come
back bro how beautiful that screen it's
always freezing the pictures isolated
true that's not true
come on I got a pen this has a pen a
modular phone that's built to last what
does that mean that you can like attach
it to it onto the phone that you built
to allow ya so you could add your
writings yeah oh that's gonna break and
definitely that can't be waterproof it
says batteries are those batteries yeah
you replace the battery
yeah yeah those memory used to be able
to replace batteries you said pops out
the back your phone Adams got a samsung
galaxy like seven or some shit remove a
little battery Android seven this
motherfuckers got Android nine you need
to catch the fuck up nah bro what else
fair materials look there's a white lady
in the front how fair three black guys
who are working for what the fuck is
fair about that picture if you're gonna
help here materials how about you have
white guys in their 50s working in a
factory and not Chinese babies we don't
have to acknowledge that like you know
yeah I mean make it fair
make all these people all these people
who want to buy iPhones and you want to
have your iPhone built by some Asian
slave
you know pal you work for a year in a
secular army you wanna I phone put the
time in right but we should acknowledge
that white women really kind of are
superheroes in that way
white women yeah how so cuz like that
only people who care about the
environment the only people care about
animals only people who build wells in
Africa like they're real my friend
Justin rent builds wells in the Congo
he's a six foot 324 fucking top ten
heavyweight ask him who are people
helping them it's Rebecca
no no no miss Phyllis might be a lot of
women that you work for about a lot of
men at work for him to the station they
fucking in it they're getting it hard
right now because I think they're tired
coming at white men so they're looking
for the next you know when the grease is
boil and you got those someone in it but
when you won't talk about humanitarians
right like who gets fucked by more races
than white women true like this is
really true true except who gets the
short end of the stick there is that a
penis size joke don't even women know
Asian men probably fuck the the smallest
percentage of different races right yes
America at least I know the rock a
hundred percent yeah yeah they do the
yeah I think they have like something
like tinder they do so my tender studies
showed that that is a weird thing yeah
cuz the Asian women no problem at all
but other ethnicities it's weird that
it's not made to size right how so like
like you'd think that it's made to site
like Lego tiny women would be into know
just like vagina would be like you know
I've never I never thought that like
asian pussy was that much smaller than
like everything research you know I had
a miracle evidence you know yeah well
you know this doesn't make a hundred
percent sense okay but I've met girls
that were tiny that you could not fuck
hard enough yeah then yeah but none not
just that it's just like they want it
like that they want they want savage
they want to get fucking smashed YNS
because I think they realized that they
they're tiny they have small genes so
they want to get savage genetics inside
them so they have survivor children I
really believe that I think it only
makes sense some more nice curls have
irritated my life way about a hundred
four pounds and these big Brienne of
Tarth chicks want it real soft no nice
baby they want it because they know that
those are the little girls a fucking
giant it's gonna keep going it's a
never-ending battle for genetics dude it
really it's a hundred percent
it's a never-ending battle of genetics
and if she dies girls fucking these like
beta dudes may not do it for a little
while they barely fuck them they always
say they have headaches listen I know a
lot of beta dude who is it dude the girl
does like I can't they don't want to
fuck the guys dude I had a friend of
mine who was dating a guy like that she
was I really like him I just do not want
to fuck him no wow because why would you
like that is rough what are you gonna do
stop fucking dude it's it's dude it's
insane man it's like I see this all the
time like these like hardcore
perceivably hardcore feminist chicks
yeah you know they'll hear my comedy
could be the opposite of that right and
they're in the DMS right saying I don't
know why I'm here because I think
feminism in general is a direct result
of a failure by men to be fair and by a
failure by men to be actual men and to
raise actual men who treat everybody
with respect the the when men are
abusing women those men are bullies
they're they're weak men the kind of man
that would do that to a woman that would
like physically abuse a woman that's a
weak man right right that's the type of
man that would beat up a smaller man or
take someone from someone with force
insecure he needs to feel powerful he's
a bitch yeah he's a bitch right the the
antidote for that is to be a strong man
right like do one of things I've been
telling people like this is how you fix
bullying in school okay
them out of fight not the bullies I mean
not just the not just the victims but
the bullies themselves out everyone now
to fight when they feel confident that
they can defend themselves they don't
have to nicest fucking people in the
world yeah martial artists you know and
go to martial arts gyms go to a jujitsu
gym I'll take you there are fucking
nicest boys there's no hugging everybody
and friendly they're gonna choke each
other half to death and help five
minutes and before that they're all
found happy playful yeah they're so
secure and outside of there there's
social secure and relaxed they're a
different type of type of person
obviously not all of them maybe there's
people over to move apart yeah we very
wildly right but almost always to a
human the mean wants whether it's mean
women or mean wet male yeah
women women will tell you this yes work
at an office yeah and they've got a
female boss that's a cunt yeah that is
one of the worst fucking because you
can't even fuck her there's nothing you
can do nothing you could do to make that
bitch happy she wants to take from you
she wants to squeeze your blood at least
if you're cute and your boss is
disgusting and he's a fucking asshole
you could flirt with him a little bit
and you could like maybe get him to like
you more to it obviously don't do that
but with the female boss you have a
personality too shocking what the female
boss not even that a lot of women don't
like women right one of the things that
I love more than anything
yeah is when I talk to women and they'll
do this thing where they look around to
make sure no one's looking no one's
around I'll go look I would never say
this publicly but some bitches are
fucking crazy that's what we do
the thing about these yeah yes well this
women feel like it's they've got
momentum in this little war of ideas
right with the me to movement
Bill Cosby getting arrested and r.kelly
getting arrested Harvey Weinstein in my
opinion and I bet you think this - these
are good things yeah when shitty men get
put away or they get arrested for
abusing people yeah whether it's their
physically abusing men or
physically abusing women it's always
good you shouldn't be physically abused
again I'm out of here
yeah I beat those guys up yes I mean
this is handled in the community when we
were younger teenagers a bottle blood
you know was rough with this whatever
who was rough right and we went over
that engine if you were married in
Harvey Weinstein tried to fuck your wife
and she went in on an audition and you
knew that there was all these sorority
guards and all these fucking levels
before you got to him and your wife got
it to that level and he was treating her
like shit and being mean to her and
telling her if you want to work in this
town you got to suck this little fat
dick I'm shocked like somewhat didn't
Brad Pitt try to send home or somebody
did step to him did he swing on him I
don't know what he did because you got
him right like well that's the other
thing that's fucked up about this is
like there's gonna be Weinstein's yeah
like these people are gonna exist listen
man they still exist yeah they still
lose hearing about one last night the
most I can't tell you hon ik cuz I don't
know wait he's a television personality
who's apparently a closeted homosexual
Oh what he's out there and he's out
there like dudes yeah just that go on a
landless no more I don't know he's
trying really hard I'm making him
uncomfortable really really how how
well-known I don't know crazy fuckers
out there they're still rolling it
old-school yeah they want to get caught
okay
I'll swear he's Brad Pitt threatened to
kill Harvey whines yeah but you got a
swing man but you got to swing on him
bro you gotta leave some marks I believe
it so what depends on what Harvey did
versus we if he grabbed her it did
anything to her physically then you got
to swing on him but if he just said
something creepy and you tell them okay
then we have word take your fucking life
yeah
I'll take your life well I think the
issue with these things is like we know
we're gonna have Weinstein's but the
people that protected Weinstein yeah the
second you complain about a guy for
groping or doing something crazy right
mm-hmm
you that woman is doing exactly what
she's supposed to do right she
experienced some you know sexual assault
and she's telling ya right now if you
silence her
shut her up that's where the system
falls apart right right so whoever is
protecting him throughout he got it they
gotta go to machine that woman did
exactly what she was supposed to do
right there's gonna be Weinstein's
throughout life unfortunately a question
what about the support staff all that
many people send all them are almost
there not worse because they're not
doing it but they're so bad because they
stripped the person who was assaulted
from like not only equality but like
they stripped her from from life in a
way they made that person go oh shit
life isn't fair and I don't have a shot
do you know the expression on diffusion
of responsibility
it comes when there's large groups of
people that watch something if someone's
gonna step in it's like that lady
Genevieve sees or something remember
that there was some woman who was
getting raped in Queens and she was
screaming for like 40 minutes and there
was all these neighbors around like yeah
I heard it but I thought Ted was on it
oh Jesus you didn't hear about this no I
think Katie Genovese or something it's
an old story but yet everybody see it
it's the same kind of thing it's like
well it's just how corporations work so
if you're working for a corporation the
corporation's dumping pollutants into
the river you know you feel like well
it's not my responsibility I just work
here in accounting okay you know like
somebody else is gonna handle this right
yeah this is and I think when if you're
working in like The Weinstein Company
and you knew Harvey was out there
slinging dick
first of all in their defense you
probably didn't know the specifics right
because it's like oh Harvey's a dog he's
always out there trying to fuck yeah
well that's sort of normal yeah like a
lot like people have to understand this
why does a guy like that get rich why
does he get rich is he like some patron
of the Arts who loves creating maybe
there's a little bit maybe he likes
power yes you like power why do you like
that power what are you getting out of
that power but you have a Ferrari once
you have a Mercedes once you have a
mansion what are you getting your
getting post baby pussy not even about
the pussy it's about power right it's
about power so much shit I giving these
pedophiles I don't even believe
anybody's attracted kids well they
definitely are I don't
believe it I believe they're attracted
to power and they're so wildly insecure
that they need to be looked at like a
god and children when they look at you
somebody that they admire something they
truly look up to etc they can look at
you in that godlike state and so I don't
think it's a physical thing like I was
watching that abducted in plain sight
mm-hmm he he gets whacked off by the dad
right what you didn't see the subducting
plates oh my god oh this guy this this
pedophile destroys the whole family bro
he to get to the daughter he fucks the
mom and dad what this is insane is this
not enough Netflix yes you've never and
they censor kinda can imagine that
imagine they don't censor comedy though
they don't they haven't censored mind
not you're not but it's like and we're
the bad guys essentially but like my
point is that is a crazy story it's
there's a dynamical power like like
people say the Catholic Church makes
these people pedophilia pedophiles no
they have that thirst for power and
they're going who in my community has
that amazing power where they're looking
at him as this godlike figure oh it was
the preset our Catholic Church that
sounds like an evil choice let me give
you an alternative expected from
psychologists okay there's a thing
called imprinting that happens with
young men in particular sexually it
happens with young women as well but one
of the things that can happen is young
men can be sexually molested by other
men when they're young and they develop
this imprinting the the vast majority of
people who are abusers were abused
themselves right and there's some
horrible hijacking of the psychology of
the person when you're a six year old
boy and some grown man has cock in your
ass because there's something about that
it fucks with their head especially if
it happens a lot right it becomes a part
of your life and the guys nice to you as
well and buys you things and does things
for you and then you get older and you
for whatever reason perpetrate this same
horror on other kids this is some what
happens what is I don't know what I
think it's maybe maybe it's a
combination of both
right maybe you have that imprinting
right and then it creates this massive
void that you need filled like I think
so much of everything that we do
everything that people do is about
filling the void and what is it that you
need the void filled with dictates off
how often if you're evil sometimes if
you're good there are some people that
are addicted to working out right
there's a void there they need a fill
some people addicted to eating those are
the same addiction essentially but one
is a lot better to have than the other
you know it's like even with I mean
there's even with Kanye right like I see
Kanye as like this guy who's just wildly
insecure and he's trying to justify his
coolness constantly by taking things
that are not cool at all and making them
cool within a community within his
community right so it's like everything
Kanye does like down to like it started
with like the wasup culture I'm gonna
take like preppy New England you know
polos that are pink and shit and I'm
gonna make that cool now before the hip
hop community I mean I grew up in New
York we were like yo that's some gay
shit bro what the fuck is that
now Kanye where's it's like now you
gotta look fly and this these pink waspy
things and my khakis whatever then he
takes grunge culture right this fuck
have you seen the bright that's ripped
sweaters and all kind of shit that's
Seattle Nirvana shit but he said oh I
bet I'm so cool I could make it cool
right then takes dad sneakers I'm so
cool
I could you know you think my community
loves cool sneakers I'm gonna make dad
sneakers cool and then what is the most
uncool thing to his community what Trump
know and what does he try to make cool
it's selfish is all about him all he
cares is about proving that he's that
dude and he takes the most uncool thing
and puts it on his head and he's like
yellow I'm gonna make Magga cool and
that's when people are like at least his
community was like nah we're not going
we're not gonna play with that shit you
know what I think I think you know how
like you have something that's supposed
to take like eight volts you have like a
charger yeah supposed to take like you
go to Europe and you plug it in right
well like when you plug something to the
wall like we have alternating current
like you could have something that takes
way more
amperage right I think Kanye has the
wrong plug to the universe and in a good
way
okay with that motherfuckers getting
like a hundred volts all the time yeah
so he wants to do you ever talk to him
no I talked to him on the phone and it
was a stream of consciousness that was
so intense I was like okay now I get it
I kind of got we had a long conversation
he's a very nice guy yeah we had a long
conversation for like 15-20 minutes on
the phone which is the long conversation
these days on the phone yeah who the
fuck talks on the phone he does yeah but
you're I think hundred volts bro okay
he's got design going through his head
and new song lyrics and new fashion and
all this and I think he's just catching
whatever he can
yeah and hold it on to it and waiting
through the waves to fill the Joe to
fill there's a little bit of that but
with him it's almost like affirming that
he's okay because he's so much different
than everybody else like Elon Musk like
a lot of other people sure what's up did
when he used the Confederate flag do you
know about his statements on that he he
said that like he used this in a quote
what does he say oh react how you want
any Energy's good energy the Confederate
flag represented slavery in a way that's
my abstract take on what I know about it
right so I wrote this song new slaves to
look at the Confederate flag and made it
my flag it's my flag now what are you
gonna do right can I take my equity and
see if I'm so dope but that's also his
recognition that you can take something
like the n-word and use it as a positive
you could do anything I mean look if if
black people really decide I just I'd do
this bit okay go Isis bit about do you
remember when the fucking duck dynasty
guy was he was talking a lot of shit
about gay people's like I don't
understand it I don't understand and I
was like look I don't understand yellow
cars understand why you wasting all your
time
yeah you better be nice because I go if
you keep fucking with gay people they're
gonna do something and they're gonna do
something and you're not gonna be able
to take it back like what if gay people
decided to take over camo
and the bit was like look what they did
to the rainbow looking on the room I go
you can't wear a rainbow shirt anymore
everybody like bad
it used to be leprechauns and pots of
gold now it's dudes but fucking broke
would have to do is start off every gay
porn in a duck blind two dudes dynasty
and you get the gayest black guy in the
world camels like some about duck huntin
make me horny yeah and some dude just
drops in out of nowhere and pulls his
camo down sucking his dick if they just
had all porno and camels it it would
turn camo into a gay thing and if black
people just just went whole hog on the
Confederate fat look at them they got
cam a wall paper so absolutely that's
like some Annie Leibovitz shit though
that's like some Vanity Fair cover
nonsense you know that's like some
organized shoot very meta
those are we they know what they're
doing though these guys are smart
they're by the way that's a shit pattern
that's a bad camel pattern well Ducks
might be their pattern yeah I bet it is
there's a swamp it's like I don't know
you know the gay shit is like you know
it's just it's not the climate for it
and I feel you know it could be don't
remember deliverance yeah but it's like
a pig yes yeah but that was that was
rape row just so we're clear bro that
guy is fucking you this is about sex and
power I get it you're not gay but it's
still suck
people want it man that's the thing I
don't know I think the kind of thing
like he's just a guy who thinks way
different like for whatever reasons the
connections that's one of the reasons
why I think this Kim Kardashian
relationship works so well okay it's
because like I bet she just handles
normal regular stuff and he could just
be Kanye
I mean like it seems like there does he
see difference yeah how different deaf
different different like tell me it's me
cuz the music is phenomenal
outside of that okay it's real simple
yeah have you ever been locked up in a
mental institution
no he has yeah they don't just lock you
up bro they never locked me up yeah you
know my wife never I never came home my
wife has some fucking two gorillas that
are in those lab suits they're staring
I'm in with the big guys Hospital like
sir we'd like to handle this quietly
just go to the mental institute bro they
fuckin they velcro you what the mental
exertion doesn't mean that your genius
there's a lot of crazy people who are
just crazy yeah yeah well he's
definitely crazy sure but he's also but
he's brilliant to see the work that
comes out of that crazy is genius work
right so what is it about him that
allows him to be so prolific as an
artist ever notice how prolific is yes
the guys constantly wears it constantly
banging out songs Khan and there he
doesn't have bad albums
no he's is phenomenal at music without a
doubt phenomenal at music but this is
all from this energy that's inside of
him he figures out how to channel that
energy and put it in good ways but
occasionally like it's not all he's not
a coincidence it's not a coincidence
yeah that when Kanye was on stage I
think it was in San Jose yeah and he
said that he didn't vote but he was
gonna vote he would have voted for Trump
and the crowd went crazy and they dude
the shit out of him and then he canceled
his tour and then he went to the mental
health institute right all that shit
happened together because he felt the
pain of this then his response to that
was to double down his response to that
was to tribute qualities to Trump that
he doesn't even really have right and so
Trump in his so in a lot of ways very
wise the way he handles things socially
he let Kanye coming to the White House
man where that Magga hat just rant up a
storm yeah yeah Kanye could define who
Trump was he could define what loving
Trump meant forget to find why black
people should
you should embrace Trump he could define
all this in his head to sort of justify
what went wrong with him
right and then Trump just sits there and
goes like this and lets him talk and
then he leaves and Trump goes what the
fuck this shit right here that's what
this is now look at that white lady with
their arms crossed the bathroom watching
the blonde chick right there in the
center look at her face she's like okay
what her face says okay what and Kanye's
like show and Donald Trump is phone and
Counting Donald Trump goes lips pursed
yeah phone mmm Kushner show me some
lyrics like a devious smiling face dude
how about the black dudes sitting there
like I can't believe he's like what in
the fuck do I do you gotta be fucking
Ryan Gosling with the boom mic oh look
at that guy yes I can't wait to get on
gab and talk about this amazing meeting
of the minds look at his face his who
Trump reached out to know I'm friends of
his son though like texts friends really
yeah he's a nice guy he's a hunter we
know each other through mutual friends
writing one of our mutual friends who
committed suicide oh so I was like no
but he's a nice guy I mean I don't agree
with a lot of things that a lot of
people that I know agree with yeah I
think I think we're allowed to be
reasonable and cordial with each other
yes well you matter what do you laughing
at what is this
Jim Brown was also sitting at that no
Jim Brown used to do the early
commentary for the UFC
really yeah men used to wear one of them
African hats there's like traditional
yeah he was like he did my job for the
UFC like UFC like one and
who is he MMA savvy no he's just a dude
you know sort of fuck people up that's
true he's Jim Brown man yeah yeah now
the guy on has left our left to our left
is build super foot Wallace okay that's
a world champion kickboxer from the 80s
he's a legend in the kickboxing world
there is Jim Brown I just started taking
a couple kickboxing yeah classes trying
to learn you gotta get friends for it
yeah I use the box right so it's like
the most humm first of all it's nice to
have something to like want to get
better at that has nothing to do with
career sure that's really fun you know
but uh the the interesting thing about
the kicking aspect of it is uh
when I when I would see you guys
learning how to box like the hook is a
tough punch for people to get right
because it's something you almost have
to kind of like pop right and people try
to throw it instead of let your body
throw it and that's who I am with kicks
mmm I feel the like the exact same
person I was trying to teach how to
throw it's just my body doesn't want to
let the legs go that make sense yeah
yeah I'm not slipping yeah you know I
can help you yeah yeah I used to teach
right yeah that you do not it I could
definitely help you with that yeah you
know what to think the way to do it is
you do it slow right yeah you do it slow
and you don't try to hit anything hard
yeah when you try to hit things hard
then you tense up yeah herky jerky and
goofy yeah key to learning how to kick
is to do it slow so that's a big part of
it yeah yeah yeah it's a you know try to
smash you just try to like get your
torque right right right make sure
you're pivoting off your bottom foot you
know the support foot at the pivot
almost with every kick basically yeah
with every kick your support foot pivots
support one is the one that I'm standing
on yes yeah yeah yeah that standing foot
has to constantly pivot it has to go you
have to be you have to be planted right
but you also have to be able to move
with it it's like a coordinated dance
yes that's why it timing and kicks is so
difficult because you gotta you got a
time it and then you got to twist your
body in right at the same time but
everything's got to work in coordination
it's gotta work in concert such a cool I
think kick boxers got to be the worst
marketed sport in the world I know
that's what I said do you it's the
greatest sport it's to me in basic for
stand-up fighting yeah it's the best of
what there's a company called glory okay
and I've been trying to edit the
Japanese one no no no they're American
alright I'm sorry from the Netherlands
from Holland find out where they're from
okay but they're international they do a
lot of events here in America right but
they're on UFC fight pass and I think
they're on espn2
what headquarters are in Singapore
Singapore oh that's interesting that's
new they might have got bought out could
have moved there too okay so you're
trying to do some of the best fucking
fights you'll ever watch in your life I
watched I have a in my studio my gym I
have Apple TV and I watch glory I'm like
an app okay UFC fight pass okay I'll
watch it and some fucking amazing fights
so why can't they most people don't know
because Dana White has a really good
point in the 1980s with that bill super
foot Wallis guy was fighting he was
actually before that he was in the late
the seven yeah and then into the
eighties there was a thing called PKA
karate and it was on ESPN and it was
terrible and it was kick boxers who are
basically like not the best kickers and
not the best boxers and then it was like
kind of goofy and clunky there's a few
guys like Rick the Chet Rufus and some
really popular guys who were really good
that we're also doing it at the same
time for the most part it was just
terrible to watch right it was boring as
fuck yeah and then you'd watch boxing
you'd see Mike Tyson at the same time so
Mike Tyson's on TV Marvin Hagler's on TV
and you watching these guys and these
guys are like out of shape and they're
so tainted the well a little bit you're
saying laughs yeah a lot yeah it's an
muy Thai for whatever reason I mean you
go to muy Thai events and they're rabid
and it's like a very deep community of
people that really understand and
appreciate the sport yeah they'll play
the Thai music in the world of Hmong
Kong on their head they bow to the train
legs and it's amazing to watch same
thing is kickboxing more or less moist
the hardest it's the hardest it's above
all of them more
version of kick box because it's elbows
and knees and a lot of clinch work and a
lot of dumping where they trip you and
slam you to the ground and and they kick
you on the way down to they look like if
you're good they'll throw you into the
ropes and if you're still on your way
down you're getting punted in the head
yeah yeah I mean and it's legal it's a
hard sport man it is just you feel like
hard as it comes no no you feel like we
could get people to get behind me
even you'd have to have some sort of an
epic change in the way we view things
but to me it's way more exciting than
football like if those football players
all decided to do muy Thai it would be
better for their brains right believe it
or not yeah a fighter and two you would
see these elite athletes fuck its little
mash in each other let's talk about it
be incredible I want to talk about
because I was talking to Brendan about
this and then and Izzy is he came on one
of my podcast and we were talking about
when when are the elite was Izzy out of
Sanya oh yeah yeah yeah Oh style bender
yes that's a style dinner man that's my
guy man I love him he's the peas light
East he's a perfect example of of the
style that is so fucking exciting to
watch mm-hmm shows his opponent he's
fighting this dude that's the Loom yeah
Gastelum who is one of the elite of the
elite out there as well saighe wrestler
short stocky blasting striker good
recipes whistling I know you see these
fucking wrestlers as how our world their
toughest fuck but they have power it's
it's a unique thing because sometimes
the jiu-jitsu guys don't have power with
the hands but these wrestlers it seems
like they offer our and I was asking
some folks around and they're like its
core everything awesome yeah some of
them but like Ben Askren who's probably
the best wrestler right in the sport
doesn't have any power doesn't even try
yeah but he's just about getting you to
the ground fucking you up right he's
just he just has such unbelievable
confidence and he should he's undefeated
in his wrestling yeah that he just
concentrates on absorbing whatever he
can grabbing what is his I mean like
maybe I'm just such a you know newbie to
this but like whoa
I don't understand his his leverage
point like what is his skill is he's
he's so strong that his is it's a grip
like what was not doing physical
strength its technique it's an
understanding of it you got to think of
wrestling the same way you would think
of chess like if you only know a few
moves you're not gonna beat a guy who
knows all the moves he knows all the
moves so once he's locked with you you
defend you think oh I'm gonna stuff I'm
gonna dig in my hooks I'm gonna pummel
under here and I'm gonna defend here he
knows you're gonna do that
so he's oh he's shooting waiting for you
to palma as you're pummeling he's
switching to the inside he's tripping
you he's grabbing hold your legs it's
really awkward way he's rolling back he
knows your weight is going to be going
in a certain direction he's anticipating
several steps ahead and he has
international wrestling competition
experience which is just next-level he's
wrestling these guys from Russia and
Iran and some of the best wrestlers in
the world he there's levels to this
fucking thing yeah yeah his levels it's
ended but the same you could say about
style bender see the thing about style
bender is he's an elite kickboxer he
lost the glory middleweight title in a
very controversial decision to Jason
willness who was one of the elite of the
elite one of the best guys out there so
style bender competed at the highest
level of one of the most difficult
combat sports in world and in that world
he's known as a precision artist writing
that world he's a technician he's not
like there's some guys that are just
thugs they got a good low kick
they get a good shell they throw bombs
they're willing a brawl
they know a few things they know how to
pump the double jab and lead and to get
that inside leg kick in yeah style
bender is a different animal he's
switching stances on you he's hitting
you with upward elbows setting things up
I know this in with the fancy food he
fucks people up there's a video of him
the the one when he went into god mode
that I had on my Instagram that Lawrence
Kenshin broke down do you fuck people up
man
and he fucks people up in an artistic
way - the way he picks his shots yeah he
just knows what you're going to do
before you know what you're gonna do and
he has several steps so he has that same
level of skill that Ben Askren possesses
in wrestling yeah he hasn't kickbox what
is more valuable on an open site here
like you stand in front us - Boxey
setting him up looking for the moves
wait wait to see how the guy responds
and then hit watch this
Samson it and he walks away the walk
away KO one of the most devastating
psychological maneuvers of all time he's
a special guy but there's no one thing
that's better right the most effective
form wrestling because of the best
wrestler can dictate where the fight
takes place the best wrestler can get a
hold of a guy and drag him down like
khabib nurmagomedov who might be the
best fighter in the world
he's the UFC lightweight champion and
what stands out about him is that he can
get a hold of guys and once he does they
can't do jack shit about it he's not the
best striker in the world but he's good
enough so you have to be scared of him
on the feet because he dropped Conor
McGregor I mean he could tag you he
could walk you up he's got power he's
not guys out but more importantly that's
to set up the clinch and then once he
gets the clinch you're his that's it and
you're going for a ride and he's getting
the fuck beaten out of you on the ground
and you're getting strangled that's just
how it goes but he has he has the full
skill package like he can strike with
you he can submit you but his grappling
is what allows that to take place
now with style bender style benders
grappling allows him to stay up on the
feet see he's a very good grappler in
terms of his ability to get back up and
his ability to stuff to take he's got
the sprawl he's got or whatever yeah and
not just sprawl but he gets the fuck out
of there he pushes your head he pops his
legs out yeah kicks back and then he
punishes you on the way out yeah take
that with you yeah a great distance yes
it's different I know this is different
like with the the the sports that
involve legs but like you guys fight it
at a further distance of course you have
to
and but it also makes you you know
susceptible for counters in a way like
like when when Connor was fighting Floyd
my biggest concern for Connor was not
speed or counter punching it was the
distance that you're gonna be able to
counter and when when Connor caught
Floyd it caught Floyd a couple times in
the beginning I think one was a left
uppercut it closed one that was shocking
to me because I was surprised that he
had boxing counter punching speed the
distance is half yeah compared to a kick
sport yeah I would say if we're standing
what two three feet away from each other
in kickboxing it's one and a half mm-hmm
in boxing right so to cut that distance
in half and still have the counter
punching ability was impressive yeah I
mean well he's done a lot of lower level
boxing and the gems is when you get up
to that level it's a different fucking
game Floyd Mayweather is on a completely
different planet than anybody he's the
greatest great of all time that's what
I'm eating like I think he's better at
boxing then Stephen Hawking is at
astrophysics you might be right
look he's 50 you know the Conor it does
count even though it probably shouldn't
right I mean it was a real boxing match
but it was a guy that had zero
professional boxing memories but he did
get tagged Conner Kent punch he's a good
fighter he's a very good mixed martial
arts fighter but the thing about Floyd
is that Floyd is the best at not getting
hit on Owen's better so I've been tagged
really tagged like three times four
times in his whole career I can name him
five times
yeah it's Sugar Shane Mosley yep Maidana
the end of the fourth round yep
the other ones are early I'm Judah right
hook actually dropped him Zab Judah was
a wicked man it was great I was a kick
box that's right he came from that at us
what his name something something do you
ever forget his name but all guys do all
do it yeah and then uh DeMarcus
chop-chop Corley oh that's right I
forgot him oh yeah yeah yeah my pops is
like a massive boxing fan used to like
go to Ollie's uh he was a journalist
back they use to cover like Ollie and
his fight Selena so I kind of came up
you know generationally really boxing so
that's awesome yeah dude it was like I
mean some of the best moments you know
what else poised has gone
him that uh the best jujitsu guys have
gone for him is that he's not physically
powerful like the best jujitsu guys are
smaller people right because the smaller
people learn how to use leverage and
technique and they can't muscle things
whereas if you're like a 250 pound
gorilla you're some cable football
player dude and you're like man I want
word some book Jiu Jitsu yeah if you
don't ever have to be on your back right
now like I was talking shop about that
go shops thinking about doing jujitsu
again yeah cuz I was telling them I got
back into it recently I'm really
enjoying it
he's like I don't know I go just roll
off your back man tell it to be a big
guy with a guard no big guys have a
guard it's so rare right because big
guys just get little guys on the ground
and they they have a nasty top game but
then when they find themselves on their
back a lot of them are Turtles right
they don't know what to do yeah it's
it's a technique thing a little guy has
to learn perfect precision technique
because they don't have that exercise
click-click the point guard the NBA
foiiows WETA hands he's broken his hands
many times yeah and even though he's
capable of knocking guys out it's with
precision
oh he's gonna knock you out like a John
the Beast Mugabi wood or Francis and
Ghana wood or a fucking a real power
puncher Joe Smith there's guys who just
fucking get you to the cage or in the in
against the ropes and just smash yeah
uncanny some of these guys it's just raw
power and it's yep he Floyd is all
precision and he's all like one of the
most fun things from you is watching
Floyd in the first round and watching
him take away your life
yeah like I like to see him take away a
fighter's confidence Yeah right like he
knew that Moseley was gonna get off with
the jab at least he knew Mosley thought
that he was gonna get off with the jab
and there's a moment even in the first
round I know he gets tagged with that
overhand right but there's a moment
where Mosley Mosley pops the the left
jab and Floyd sees it steps back
slightly and then come straight over at
the right and that moment you could see
Shane know that there's nothing he can
do because Floyd has timed the jab and
countered it directly so now your jab is
done
now I've lopped off one of your arms
I've literally just cut it off now you
got to open up with the right you're not
gonna do anything with me just straight
right I mean I got the filly shell it's
over yeah it's like seeing him take
pieces away from a minor I just I love
fucking Floyd man well he learned how to
age too and his dad was a wizard his dad
when he was young fought Sugar Ray
Leonard in a very good fight when Sugar
Ray was in his prime good pedigree man
yeah some good pedigree they know how to
do it there's a smart fighter schools
Roger Mayweather the black mamba yeah
you know his brother was a motherfucker
man I used to love watching his brother
fight in the or his uncle rather I still
loved watch his uncle fight he would
fight on like ABC like whatever
television shows we're having boxing on
television during the day yeah maybe it
was ABC I don't remember but yeah you
like that family he grew up boxing and
he also got to see the things that
people do wrong you know and here's
another thing that boy that's going for
him
conditioning on fathom he's always in
tremendous shape always just always in
shape I think it's a hustle when you see
a meeting the McDonald's and shit like
that shit means that you think I hope
that regularly on a percent yeah you
could eat that shit it's just
carbohydrates it's just bullshit the
thing about that like you were the
eating sugar or like he'll drink a soda
after a workout he's working out for two
and a half hours you can take some sugar
dude not only Keith takes some shit
there's an argument that that kind of
sugar is not bad for you after you have
a brutal workout huh dude when I was we
did this so burr October challenge yeah
yeah all right man dude already look
phenomenal fucking funny saw him in New
York I was like dude you are was gonna
be my biggest competition - cuz he
listened tired in his face like his head
is exhausted yeah he's like yardarm
yeah so tired of this bullshit but his
body was fucking shredded yeah yeah what
is this Chad Johnson he always eats
McDonald's he's doing yeah while he's
working out right here yeah yeah dude
you can do that it's all in how much you
exercise now that's not obviously he's
eating healthy food on top of that yeah
but if he feels like fucking off and
getting a Big Mac he could do that and
there's no no performance benefit right
no but no penalty yeah yeah you
can do it so when Floyd does that he is
doing that yeah it really is eating that
nonce is Chad still working out yeah
just for exercise just for fun he loves
it right two miles an hour it's his
comedy what does he do with these days
so what he'll do is I mean he'll like
play guys and like play guys in FIFA
he's a great follow on Twitter it's
hilarious oh yeah I follow him it's like
hit like a girl will post a picture and
then he'll say what's wrong with the
picture this will be smoking hide like a
bat your shades or $30 like you know
don't put so much money into your outfit
when the blinds in your house are $30
like he'll just nitpick little things
like dude he's hilarious but his um my
guesstimation is this is his commie like
remember you're saying yeah yeah he used
to sleep at the arena or at least at the
stadium he when he played he was
obsessed with it he loved the sport he
was talking about fighting Anderson
Silva at one time man a nice great
ballplayer cop Anderson when he was in
his prime I think he has martial arts
skill though I'm not defeated yeah nice
little southpaw actually he's gonna find
him hitting the pads or hitting the bag
yeah cuz I think he has real martial
arts skill like legit martial arts well
that's the questions like one of these
elite athletes gonna enter MMA damn well
they are but in small who's the small
numbers well John Jones is absolutely an
elite athlete but he's got a 20 inch
vertical how elite he tastes got small
calves but the fact that he has those
small calves allows him to be six foot
four and 205 pounds right you see he was
bottom heavy he'd be 250 yeah he did a
different weight which he could be he
could be a heavyweight he could bulk up
and go up to heavy weight but he's got
like weird calf genetics his calves are
tiny right the thing is you don't have
to jump that much in MMA and he can hit
you in the face with a flying knee right
but the what he knows how to do and what
he can do physically in terms of his
wrestling right and his ability to close
the distance of smash guys in time
people he's an elite athlete well I
think he could he could have done that
his two brothers play and if
here is his Chad sparring a little but
he's in blue right yeah still can't be
touched he says well he's a southpaw
yeah so let's see this Silva so he's
full okay it's good good help right good
head movement yeah for sure I like the
way he moves
hands down though ridiculous see this is
the duty sparring though we don't know
shit about hands being that guy might be
terrible yeah you know I mean the guy
didn't want to try to go to the body
he didn't duck in you know when
someone's moving their head around like
that just smashed their ribs you go
right after those clots of the arms yeah
hit those arms that's what they try to
do with Floyd man yeah
good luck yep good no flaws in the game
no things like Longpoint one fling it's
like we're talking about with Ben Askren
that when a guy is a super elite
wrestler yeah you think you're gonna do
something but he knows you think you're
gonna do something so he does it you do
what you were going to do he anticipates
what you're going to do he has an answer
to that and then you have to regroup and
he's already moving on to step three
like there's too many steps that he's
ahead of you can there be a guy like
with him that you don't engage on the
ground like you just kind of jabs stay
on the outside Russia
yeah for sure look Robbie Lawler almost
took Ben Askren out in his last fight
Ben's mental toughness and his ability
to endure punishment most guys would
have probably gone unconscious there
yeah but style bender like a guy like
style bender would be one of the worst
fucking nightmares for a guy like Ben
Askren right he's super difficult to
take down and on the feet he's not gonna
do anything stupid right you're gonna
move forward and try to grab ahold of
thing and you're just gonna eat knuckle
sandwich a knuckle sandwich and he's
gonna slowly chop at your legs walk yeah
and you're gonna feel that low calf kick
back you're gonna feel the inside of
your thighs shit yeah you're gonna try
to walk off the pain you'll switch
stances cuz it starts to hurt Rock he
didn't recognize he switches dances he
attacks the other leg now both your legs
are fucked up yeah he comes down the
middle with a need of the solar plexus
oh you're hurt yeah
trying to play it off it's just a matter
of doing his game in his in style
Bender's game his game is keep the fight
standing right fuck you up and then Ben
Askren its grab a hold of you fuck you
up
right raggy to the ground fuck you up
it's a matter of like who who's better
at the weak aspect of the other person's
game right yeah yeah how can I take
advantage yeah it's so great and no one
could be the best at everything so some
like MMA math is a notoriously difficult
thing to do like say say if if Jamie
beats me but I beat you but you beat
Jamie yeah like that happens but that's
what I said I'm a math it's right race
we always say that with like you know
yeah but it doesn't work with Floyd see
in boxing that styles make fights only
goes so far
with MMA it's it's because the sports
more comprehensive because there's more
skills there's more different things
happen it's football compared to
basketball mates like there's more
there's more tools that can be used in
here they offset what's going on it's
basketball the Warriors are gonna beat
any team four out of seven games mmm
that's just gonna happen I don't know
shit about basketball or football so I'm
just guessing you could be a superstar
like there's no 1 position in football
it can change the game mmm there's yeah
I think a quarterback is overrated and
to be honest before I think the most
important position is offensive
defensive line well I'm always amazed at
Tom Brady's body how regular it is super
into a reg super regular but they get it
that hold that team gets it they like
like I think Tom Brady's like 15
highest-paid quarterback in the league
it's like right but if you look at a
elite athletes body right I want to see
a dude is built like Camaro Iseman yes
the UFC welterweight champion yeah
that's a elite at you look at him I go
oh yeah not an elite athlete looks like
a UFC champion he's not only that when
you hit well greatest quarterback of all
time
whoa see this guy without sure
you know he looks like a Tom yeah I mean
what makes that guy so special as things
like sometimes you know sometimes went
on yeah he's up here and I think you
know he's got a lot of it up here and he
works hard it's like you know sometimes
the greatest art picture of him next to
kymaro is my you know what it is it's
like sometimes having all the natural
tools is a to your detriment look at
that yeah bro come on simple yeah like a
leopard yeah he's ready yeah Ben has
been similar too he's got a little
muffins
he's got Ben aspirins got even worse
pull him down and wait Ben Askren cuz
doesn't want oh and he's got it like
that I knew a fuck he feels like he's so
much better as a wrestler that everybody
else is fucked give me an image yeah go
to his abdomen look at that I mean he's
got AB he's got nicely underneath that
that's from one Fc he looks even worse
now yet winning yeah there he goes I
mean that is not that's Tom Brady man
the ideal male combat body you would
think that's not what the ideal combat
body looks like I'll fuck shit up this
is a picture of him with Camaro awesome
on there but he's got a shirt on
yeah who's mine isn't looking lucky for
him but like this is just some guys that
like okay Francis and Ghana is a perfect
example yeah some guys look like a
destroyer yeah they just look like a
destroyer yeah
and Ghana was like six five 200 maybe
more than six sometimes those guys like
I think you were saying it earlier about
the about the jujitsu right like and
it's not just in in this it's and any
things like sometimes the guys with all
the natural ability they don't have the
the work ethic to be the greatest
because it comes so easy yeah you know
it's like like we all know comics that
are like so funny hanging out mm-hmm and
they're okay on stage yep
and it's I think it's because comedy
comes so easy to them
mmm they don't hit the gym yeah you know
what I mean like maybe it's you need
that like Jordan almost like sociopathic
approach to it you know we're like if we
were having this conversation earlier is
like huh like do you think Jordans happy
I don't think he's happy
remember when he was inducted abducted
abducted inducted into the Hall of Fame
I thought you'd like to tell me he was
an abductive in plain sight do you
remember when he was inducted into the
Hall of Fame and he was talking about
writers he was talking shit about
writers fuck yeah it wasn't thanking his
coaches and his teammates and it's been
an amazing ride and I feel so blessed
and fortunate no he's still I can fuck
you remember when you said that fuck you
1993 your Sports Illustrated issue you
said buy shoes look shitty
yeah well that's his furnace yes yeah
some people have some people need that
as a furnace like they need that that
competitive drive you know and like I
feel like I feel like that happens when
you don't derive joy from what you do
you know like you derive joy from that
outcome you're obsessed with outcome you
know like at least for me everything
before was outcome right it was like I'm
good if if I get a special I'm good if
right I'm doing these things or I'm good
if I kill in the second I was stripped
of the opportunity to do those things I
actually found like I loved creating
more and then whatever the outcome was
was extra mmm does that make sense right
yeah I think it's a happier path I think
so too but I don't know if it's the path
to greatness as much as the path of the
psychopath especially when it comes to
competitive sport understand something
about the best athletes they all
miserable they have a fucking
self-loathing
they and they also have an ego then they
have this this anger towards the
competition yeah like if you beat them
but they would say that if you beat
Jordan it came
anything fucking hate you for playing
again yeah but it needs it right he
operates on I'm not good enough and if I
beat you then he was alright I was good
enough I don't even know if it's that he
thinks he's not good enough is that he
knows he can get you don't quit
motherfucker I'm gonna get you why do I
need to get you he needs to because it's
like he needs to confirm something maybe
right I need to comfort it's constant
confirmation I need to confirm and that
great confirm confirm where it's not
that he doesn't believe he's great is
that he wants to confirm it constantly
it's if there's a little shadow of a
doubt he's like I'm great I'm great he's
walking around I'm great and there's a
little voice in his head that's going he
might not be that great however when he
played baseball
that motherfucker could want to prove
yeah you're the hardest thing that
sports hitting a baseball huh it's the
hardest fucking thing and he just jumped
from basketball to baseball and was
people act like he was trash he wasn't
even that bad
he hit like 250 no no no no no no
baseball card I'm looking at says he was
302 not that maybe what it might be for
that's for another 180 when I have other
615 at-bats bro what's talking about it
the hardest thing in sports is hitting a
fucking base moon the fact that he I
mean there's a bunch of rumors and why
he even went into baseball the first
place but like that's it's that cycle
isn't right that some people say is
gambling some people say you know
there's there's a bunch of different
things I don't want to you know put out
there because I don't know but like it's
one of those I think there is a balance
man I think that you could I think if
you truly love what you do like if you
love the creative aspect and then you
have high standards for yourself then
you can achieve both yeah I think that
achieving quote unquote greatness um and
living with misery I don't think that's
worth it
no I don't think that's worth it for you
it's like you got one shot at this man
like this this life man like you got one
shot at try to figure it the fuck out
and it takes time to figure the fuck out
but it's one of those things you can't
even really explain to people but if you
can I'm approaching this point in my
life where like yeah
think I get it Sam Sann say how old you
know 35 yeah and like it's like my buddy
explains it like this he's like there's
these different phases in life he's like
there's and none of them is better or
worse than the other but you know
there's this vegetable phase we're like
just going to work and then coming home
right and you don't think about anything
then there's a y phase right which is
what gets us into comedy a lot of us
right we start asking why about stupid
shit like why do I have to have
breakfast in the morning or like
whatever it is which is why and then
there's the phase which a lot of the
discussion is on on this show and a lot
of comedy operators which is everything
is and isn't not everything is or isn't
right right right
it's like what where you operate and why
people are drawn to this right and why
people are drawn to maybe my stand-up
and other things is we're shaking the
foundation of the world we're showing
that the world isn't one way you're not
either good or bad right everybody and
everything is both the maggot hat is so
offensive to women right because it
stands for these offensive things it's
like well what about the Viking helmet
yeah like they did some fucked-up shit
to women didn't they right we wear that
every Sunday for Vikings games there are
people all right so two things can be
true or two things can be false you know
and like that that place where like
fucking comedy little arms nuance where
comedy lives in the conversation lives
you know yeah that is an amazing place
they not everybody gets to well that's
what's so offensive about progressive
fake comedy is that they're pertaining
the world's binary that's one and zero
and you have to punch up all comedy is
punching up I had a conversation with
this guy wrote a book once there's no
great
there's no great it's it's black or
white right so without gray they don't
even believe there's great like you and
I take for granted that we understand
there's gray yeah we truly understand we
truly get it like that's why we can have
a conversation about maybe some of the
most vile things and try to put context
into it or nuance as you're saying yeah
you know that conversation tons of
people are gonna write comments are you
motherfuckers are this
and then the other side is gonna go you
motherfuckers yeah it's so problematic
that you're talking about yes so why why
can we do that what makes us able to do
that what do we understand about the
world that allows us to do that and how
do we you can't tell people things you
have to show them how can we show that
humor I think that's it I think that's I
think that's why we're the first persons
killed when a dictatorship takes over
the comedian's
yeah the philosophers comedians like
anybody who goes hey look at the world
this way like get them the fuck out of
here
right stop mocking shit stop making
people think a little bit well also the
thing about comedy is I've always said
that if you can make someone laugh about
something you force them to think about
it if you just onstage spouting your
opinions like one of the real problems
that I have with a lot of what they're
calling comedy where they're just
waiting for applause breaks you say so
bro clapper intersectional you know
ideas must be approached with the same
they're abusing comment know what you're
doing yeah that they're doing is they're
doing is their time what they could do
whatever the fuck they want with it but
I know the difference that it's it's a
it's a hack they've like they've figured
out a way they like to make a short cut
but it's not stand up it's something
else
it's like you're just expressing
opinions but if you just on stage saying
your opinions on things I can be in the
audience going well I don't agree with
that I have a different opinion but if
you're on stage saying something that
makes me laugh even though I don't agree
with your philosophy bullfighting yeah
that's that's when it gets you like if
you're a hardcore Republican trump
supporter and someone does a joke about
Trump that makes you fucking laugh
you're like god dammit he got me
motherfucker god that's the game the
second you told me I can't joke around
that's what I want a joke around about
yeah now you just gave me the bull and
there's this thing in bullfighting where
if you put a little bull out there the
crowd boos all right because they want a
dangerous bull yes they're true so and
that's how comics feel when we see you
do an easy job 'when we don't we don't
say it out loud but in our head we're
like yes they're all gonna laugh at a
joke about how
women are smarter than men yeah because
there's a bunch of dudes trying to get
pussy that are at that show with the
girl they're trying to get pussy for
exactly exactly yeah you know so it's
like how do you it's putting it's it's
that world where it operates in and then
the next thing is I think what I'm not
there yet but I get glimpses it's like
from nothing comes everything you know
like for me I remember for the show in
the comedy store in LA when you walked
in like that was crazy for me because
obviously any comic you're you know
watching the show and you're seeing and
you're like man it would be so cool one
day to be on Joe Rogan's podcast right
and then but it was nothing I would ever
ask for because I stopped asking I
stopped feeling entitled to anything I
just decided like when you walked in I
was like this is awesome because I never
expect see I'm saying I only do the shit
that I want to do because I can control
that and if I just worry about expecting
or wanting shit that I can't control be
miserable right so and you walked in and
did the fucking show and you're like
okay I heard some good stuff and want to
check it out and I was like that's
fucking unreal and I was overwhelmed
because I didn't ever expected shit and
even in that moment I wouldn't ask you
to come on and I didn't care if I didn't
come on I didn't give a fuck because I
was so grateful that that had happened
it was almost like I was just true to
comedy and all I want to do is good
comedy and the fucking that's how our
universes doors oh that's it that's it
that's fucking it if you especially in
this world the world that we live in if
you're doing real shit people find out
about me I hear about you I heard about
you through several people and I was
like really oh okay cool let me check
them out and then I saw some of your
shit online like ah I could tell there's
people that are doing the real thing
they're out there really doing comedy
and they're trying to make things funny
and they're talking about controversial
subjects and talking about different
things and their perspective in life and
they're not worried about the industry's
opinion of them and what you said was so
true that in the day
buddy was trying to get a sitcom and
that's all they were doing they were
doing these acts like you would get
actors who'd get into comedy just so
they could put together a seven-minute
set yeah so they could get a sitcom off
of it and then they would stop doing
stand-up it was a lot of that mm-hmm but
that world dried up on the sitcom dried
up yes and it happened right around the
time that Fear Factor kicked yeah
there's one Fear Factor kicked in
reality TV show squashed all these
sitcoms yes you know what's really funny
because some people were it was I had an
argument with a comic about that and
he's like man I just think it's fucked
up that you you're doing a reality TV
show in supporting reality TV I go why
he goes because it takes jobs away from
comics that write on sitcoms I go hey
man I go first of all they're not
writers on sitcoms they're taking a job
writing on sitcoms while they're doing
stand-up comedy they're fucking comics
okay
I'm taking a job making people eat
animal dicks while I'm doing comedy
right the difference is I'm still doing
comedy yes and these motherfuckers are
just looking for some sort of a gravy
train to ride off into the sunset right
there if the show was good people would
watch it instead of these reality shows
simple as and then it wouldn't exist
anymore but there was so many bad
sitcoms yeah that it opened the door to
Real Housewives and all these other
things and the next thing you know name
me name me three sitcoms go that are on
right now oh can I take it one step
further yeah they'll never be another
hit sitcom again it probably won't it is
over probably over and I'm walking
around my agency that I'm with yesterday
and I'm talking to people and they don't
get it
no bro if I felt like Christian Bale in
the big short I'm just walking around
are you it's over it's over do you guys
not know like we need a write a show
around you I'm like guys guys guys
there's no more you know what's really
over go you ever look at the fucking
ratings for late-night television okay
it's done it's crazy
so this is why this one's crazy lips up
like it's I have you just put your clips
up put your clips up Instagram
everything look everything that I've
that I've done it's for comics like
don't think bit like you're copying or
anything like that it's for you look at
the blueprint yeah copy it improve it
tell me how you
it but empower yourself that's what this
is for The Blueprint are putting things
up on putting things up YouTube
Instagram Twitter like any and like I
have a lot of comics to reach out and
just ask questions but I'm here as a
resource for you comedy at its best when
we are helping each other and New York
doesn't get that right now just yet well
there's less opportunity that's that's
it you know what happened in LA that's
it comes in so you're fucking yeah dude
it is so done this is how you know you
know how I know it's done what is your
favorite scene in a sitcom or what top
five scene just a scene you loved in a
sitcom even though I was in a sitcom for
five years yeah I don't really watch
them so okay fair enough
well watch unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
yeah that's a single camera it's a
little different because there's like no
audience but like here anybody's
listening right now right like you can
think of one of your favorite scenes
right try to think of how that episode
began you don't know try to think about
how it ended you don't know right
because the narrative was never
important the narrative was to fill 30
minutes of time the only thing that was
important were the five sketches that
filled that 30 minutes of time 22
minutes or 20 22 yeah exactly so so it's
like those five sketches don't have to
have that bullshit narrative right right
so right now you really just need four
or five friends that are doing the same
kind of funny shit we're already seeing
the new sitcom right now it's already
existing well an Instagram it's just a
not a good art form you know if you
watch like the Big Bang or two and a
half minutes and those are grandfathered
in right it's like that came from a time
when I was there but like they weren't
they're not entertaining they certainly
don't stand up like that's also why
Netflix kicked in with a lot of their
dramas because they can get away with
things on stranger things or on ozark
they can get away with shit you just
could never fucking do on regular
television it's way more water it's way
more raw it's like you're watching a
better movie they not only does because
it used to be that if you did film you
didn't want to do television because
television sucked right like television
you do an air wolf or something like
that you doing something terrible
bullshit it's obvious you see it coming
a mile away
it's made for morons Yeah right yeah or
you know you did film and if you did
film boy you got a chance to work with
some of the most amazing directors and
do the incredible pieces
but Netflix came along and and really
was before Netflix Sopranos laid the
blueprint exact surprise later on oh
yeah the wire I didn't watch the wire
but it did the same sort of thing right
they created a new movie every week and
it all went together yes it lasted a
hundred hours right and so you're like
oh my god well regular movies is so
shallow I come into the characters right
yeah this guy's ten years later you see
him ten years later in the same movie
right he's got a beer yeah fuck is this
this is terrible and and why is it
because movies got so expensive to make
you couldn't take risks on stories that
we didn't already know
yeah movies became 200 million now if I
go to you and I'm like okay give me two
hundred million to make a movie about
it's this mob guy and he's kind of got
like some anxiety you're out of your
fucking mind right but if I say give me
200 million to make a movie about Marvel
it's like oh that is an existent fanbase
yeah is it based on a book or a comic so
right now the only movies we see are
either big-budget that have a built-in
audience or $3,000,000 comedy mm-hmm
yeah right that middle ground right
there that used to be awesome movies TV
yeah so now TV is the shit it's all
these dope stores like Breaking Bad
should have been a movie right but they
turned that motherfucker into a TV show
a betters way better yeah and they were
restricted because it's cable it was an
HBO it was and they had commercials and
all their stupid shit yeah I mean what
happened was with comics was the
internet came along and all of a sudden
there was these this wealth of avenues
where comedians could show their work
whereas before you were limited by the
gatekeeper yes the gatekeepers are
either sitcoms and the sitcoms was what
everybody wanted to get because you got
a sitcom then you were all set you were
Jerry Seinfeld or you were Roseanne yeah
and then it became something along the
like Russell and you like both guys
Russell Peters in particular yeah became
gigantic selling out arenas from YouTube
that's where it came put little Clips
his shit came up and if you ever met
Russell he's one of most generous guys
in the world
generous I know for him comics whose
rent he's paid he's the best he's such a
great guy but he's also a guy that
recognizes that you got to give some
back you got to be yes and this just
says his personality is just a
gregarious outgoing guy all these
podcasts that popped up people realize
like hey you know we're not in
competition with each other like Jay
Leno and David Letterman work because
everybody wanted the Tonight Show spot
now there's a thousand tonight shows and
if you have the Tonight Show and I have
The Tonight Show I'm like hey you should
check out Andrews Tonight Show it's
fucking great like this is okay this is
the Tonight Show you're Carson but we
figured out a way you're Carson now do
you know that right that's the
difference that's the shift that's why
Netflix can't even compete Netflix has
done they're not done I'm done
what are you talking about you see
Charlie Wilson's War know movie about
Tom Hanks movie about America getting
involved with the Afghan conflict in
Afghanistan war doesn't really matter
but the idea is this they're fighting
the Russians the Afghan DS right so the
Americans go okay boom give them a
$5,000 rocket launcher and they're gonna
shoot down a five million dollar
helicopter and eventually Russia just
won't be able to compete right netflix
pays a hundred million dollars to Aaron
Sorkin or whoever to make a TV show
right right that distracts you for two
hours right YouTube pays zero million
dollars to Joe Rogan and Jamie to make a
podcast that distracts you for two hours
every day Netflix cannot compete but
it's a different animal you got to
realize first of all they have way more
people than just me they also are
putting together something that requires
a lot of money to create so if you enjoy
films yes or if you enjoy a show like
Ozarks or stranger things long for
narrative it takes a lot of money to
make those things or special effects
there's my hammer people and makeup
people in here there's a lot of
directors and producers and actors and
it's a giant fucking tent with people
people are watching it you know what
there were a lot of people are watching
that they're watching friends no no no
not in fret dude there's a reason it's
because it's terrible bro it doesn't
matter if it's terrible as Jamie the
most two most viewed shows on Netflix
right now
Netflix doesn't own okay Netflix isn't
even trying to make money anymore
they're getting bought out it's Facebook
Amazon up by who but they want it that's
the goal of the strategy now the ten
billion in debt there's no way they can
make money there's ten billion and
billion billion but they make hundreds
of millions of dollars a month like how
many people do they have on board how
many subscribers do they have that are
paying nine dollars as far as I know
they don't share that information
they're killing in terms subscribers but
they're ten billion in debt they just
took on another two billion right when I
say Netflix is done I'm speaking when
anytime I make declarations I'm speaking
in the future right I'm right we prepare
now for the future right so it's like
well how are they here it goes Netflix
will keep friends through next year and
a hundred million one hundred million
dollars right for one year of friends
and then the office too you know that is
though that's like nostalgia nostalgia
right so all viewing right now is
nostalgia you know not all viewing well
if you look at TV right what did great
this these this past years in TV right
the OJ trial and FX what is that
I remember I was when the OJ thing came
out did that do that great killed it
really won all the awards everything the
Versace story which is another thing
like what mice that out of the loop I'm
just in 39 million one hundred and
thirty nine million subscribers paying
$10 a month is that what it is how much
do cars like that maybe even more maybe
11 how much does it cost it did is
bumped it up to 12 I say 12 bucks a
monster that ladies and gentlemen is a
fuckload of income sure so they got a
lot coming in but they're spending a lot
too because they're trying to 130
they're trying to overtake all the
others and then they got Jeff Bezos you
know captain moneybags up their Scrooge
McDuck right he's trying to do the same
thing Facebook supply which is where I
saw you right BP yeah I was like a true
but that's the thing Bezos can lose
money on this ship because he's making
tons of money on paper towels whatever
how much he is losing because he's got a
lot of fucking series ain't nobody
watching them that put it out there but
he's doing something that's even more
weird okay because there's no one
watching those shows yeah there's a ton
of fucking shows on the Amazon that
fucking no one's watching yeah I would
like to see their numbers cuz I bet they
have some shows that might they might
spend a million dollars to make and have
like four viewers yeah
it's fucking no one wants no no's they
were just going after awards their thing
was we're gonna make the artsy shit it's
gonna give us a Grammy or something like
that and then it will like qualify our
platform it's a smart approach like
YouTube's approach was the exact
opposite right we're like we're just
gonna create the stuff that we think
people want to watch well YouTube
doesn't create much they did a little
and they took down the paywall like my
thing I'm I guess with YouTube is there
waiting for Netflix you know that scene
in the movie where like that somebody's
caught in like a enclosed space and
water starts coming in mm-hmm and the
water gets right up to like his lips you
know he's like he's trying to breathe a
little bit more and I think YouTube this
is gonna be the one to pour the last
drop of water I think it's such a
different thing I think you're talking
about two totally different things
because Netflix is never aimed to be a
user created content streaming site
right right they're not but at the end
of the day it's just distraction I think
I think that's what we got to start
looking at content as right it's just
raw distraction and Netflix occupies a
space for distraction that's smaller
than YouTube so I can watch a two-hour
thing on YouTube at home on my TV and I
can watch a two-minute thing on the bus
as I'm going to work on YouTube you know
I can watch a 15 minute you know piece
like vlog or something like that I can
watch all the whole spectrum Netflix I'm
really just watching at home or like a
film on a trip you know what I mean it's
really I'm not watching a two-minute
thing on a flex right you know I mean
it's it is the shit for now don't get me
wrong it's absolutely the shit for now
right but if I was being if I'm putting
my money on it I would say if I'm
Facebook I buy it and then imagine
having your Facebook feed you just watch
the show and then you get to share it
immediately on your Facebook if I was
Facebook I'd be super careful about
buying anything because I think the
government's been thinking about
breaking them up for a while only
Elizabeth Warren is already talking
about that that's one of the parts of
her platform and running for president
is breaking up
Apple breaking up Facebook breaking up
Twitter she wants to break up all these
things she thinks are monopoly what's
your feeling on that get the fuck out of
here with that she or she is goofy she's
Goofy's fuck what's up the Disney
takeover of 21st century
takes place I think next week the 20th
seborrhea they're gonna put out their
own stream everything they've just
they've bought like everything except
for Fox News and Fox Sports yeah whoa
took over all of their production movie
facilities hmm like 5,000 people might
be losing their job because all that
contents coming off of Netflix and all
those Marvel shows all that shit is
gonna come over to them really so now
they're gonna have a nice man I wonder
if that's why they've been canceling all
these Marvel shows why would I keep
invested in something there right you're
gonna take off like I'm gonna build up a
brand and then run and remove it right
you shown it yeah they've got so they
got all the kids movies your birth dad
yeah I mean dude I go to Disneyland
twice a year at least which you cannot
have a streaming Disney program with
adult Apple's also starting their
streaming service soon right tomorrow or
some shit oh and those win but there's
bunch some tons of rumors are coming out
today yeah you know what it's like you
know the perestroika like what happened
in Russia like where the overnight you
know it fell and they sold off the state
assets like a few people and everybody
came billionaires right that's what's
happening right now in entertainment
dude you don't realize it but like it's
fucking done like the days of the days
of like Fame being about distance or
done distance distance like I'm Johnny
Depp I'm gonna go to it in my like
little home somewhere in the Alps and
you will see me twice a year you know
I'm weird Oh Marlon Brando I'm out here
I'm weird I'm different you know it's
like now it's proximity there's reason
why you'll value and being weird anymore
whoa
Marlon Brando Tyler Perry has an island
bro really mm-hmm
that's interesting have you been invited
no no that's fucked up I don't wanna go
ain't going anyplace fucking Island
what about it's my rule Ronson someone
who wants to ask Lance in the virgin
dude Richard Branson or Devers named
Branson Branson icon it's fucking island
I wanna do that Branson why why when I
could jet ski with Joey Diaz listen I
ain't I'm not hanging out with any dude
who has an island get the fuck out of
here
why Marconi Ryland cuz they always want
you to go to their Island like bitch I
ain't going to your Island whatever just
go to the diner no we're gonna do the
fucking a while
who's that Eddie Murphy Eddie Murphy has
an island yep what the Bahamas where
daddies I'm Michael daddy's he got it
got it how like Eddie I met Eddie and I
was good friends with his brother and
good guy but Charley was the best
Charlie is the greatest guy of all time
yeah I met Eddie when when I met Eddie
Murphy I met Eddie Murphy and Maui and
he go it first words out as Michaels you
a funny motherfucker I was like god damn
yes this is recently no years ago maybe
more than 10 years ago yeah that's like
2007 so I'm like that I'll be unreal
there's crazy funny well in Hawaii
family I'll say thank you like what do
you say when Eddie Murphy says you're a
funny motherfucker Mike holy shit Wow
felt great you know if you look at your
wife and they see okay chuckle every
once in a while my honestly at home I'm
not that funny
my wife cracks most of the jokes really
yeah I'm not I don't have to be funny
like I don't need it you know it's one
of the reasons why I like to hang around
with Joey Diaz cuz he's always funny
yeah and he's always the funny guy you
know I like it it's a you know I like
being around funny people man I'm not
there's a thing about comics especially
the needy annoying ones and the early
days like early days of your career they
have to be the center of attention
yeah the shit is really annoying yeah
and one of the things that you learn for
sure about hosting a podcast is you
don't really want to be the center of
attention you just want to facilitate a
conversation right you just want to make
the best creation yeah what's the best
creation the best creation is let this
guy rant you got to let them rent get
out of the way if the best creation is
you rant with them and you jump in
together and you go back and forth like
a game of tennis then you do it that way
right but you have to be able to feel
the vibe yeah and then some people are
not gonna like it that way they're gonna
want why don't you let your guest talk
and like people love to say shit like
that like you know why don't why are you
interrupting his rants yeah I love to
say things like that so you're trying to
make a creation yeah yeah yeah there's a
comics on our great listeners some of
them are and well the ones that are are
great at this yeah
right and the ones in our it's tough for
them to do this and people no man think
it's it's how how comfortable is it when
it gets in through their ears yeah
like is it getting in easy or is like oh
this guy's on or you hear the guests say
something and I just cringe because I
anticipate the comments will you like
will you quiet somebody no I mean if I
have to I try not to if I have to
correct them like if they're saying
something that I know to be inaccurate
if it's in my wheelhouse like sometimes
people say something and I'll just say
that's not that's not true
here's why that's not true yeah you know
I've had people say some goofy shit and
it just happens to be something I know a
lot about yeah and I have to stop it
yeah okay that makes that make sense
yeah it's just but for the most part I
just I want people to just be themselves
I got to figure out how to get you to be
yourself that's what a lot of this is
anyway comfortable make you realize that
I just want you to do great I want
everybody to do great
are you ever intimidated by gastein by
their intellect yeah like Elon monsters
is intimidating yeah talking to him
because you realize what a champ you are
that way oh yeah I'm a fucking dummy man
but like talking to this guy I'm like
I'm a fucking chimp here's a question
fuck who's making electric cars bro
sending rockets into space right he's
drilling holes under the ground you had
to dump him down with making solar
cities we didn't even did any work but
so here's my take on it right I'm
watching musk right and he basically is
opening up to you about how he's not
happy
Yeah right as this moment where he's
like I think he says something to scent
of you wouldn't want to be me yeah he
just was exact words wouldn't want to be
me
he wouldn't wanna be me so that me
he doesn't want to be him I think in
some level he doesn't want to be him
right yeah and he's so with these guys
that we admire because they're so
brilliant they have all these brilliant
ideas and we're put in this matrix of
we're all in the success matrix on some
level right where it's like get things
done good don't they can get things done
bad right I wonder if if he's chimp ish
in that he's potentially wasting his
life being upset or miserable when he
could be focusing on things that would
give them joy I think that being is that
being a fuckin chimp is being so smart
that you don't even try to just be happy
and focus on your happiness I don't
necessarily think he's unhappy but I do
think that he puts himself into
situations where the amount of stress
that he absorbs is almost unfathomable
like when he was trying to get the Tesla
Model 3 production schedule ramped up he
was sleeping on the floor of the factory
and working literally working like 19 20
hours a day that that's untenable you
can only do that for short periods of
time right but I think that what I was
saying about Kanye West applies to him
tenfold he's he's got a power output
that's extraordinarily different than
the average person and that's one things
he was talking about when he was young I
mean you could probably put him on some
sort of a what I don't know what the
super genius spectrum is like like what
is you know what's what's Albert
Einstein right what's with this guy
what's that guy he's in there somewhere
in this crazy realm of the way a brain
works like I think the brains are like
all other body parts some people are
born with little tiny dicks and some
people got giant hogs and that's just a
fact
giant hog of the brain and it just works
better it just it just is operating on a
level that you and I can't we can't
comprehend but I never invented a
goddamn thing in my life but I'm driving
around an Elon Musk's car
you know that motherfucker made a car
and that's like some shitty does on the
side you know his car thing isn't like
after he invented PayPal yeah and he's
by the way while he's doing the car he
shoot rockets into space and drilling
holes into the ground he's trying to
move traffic on the ground he fucking
he's making solar cities like he's
hooking up Australia with these massive
solar panel power battery plants you
fucking fix their energy needs he's on
another level no doubt on another level
it's a different thing but so is he
happy Joe I don't know and amass nice
guy that was thing around though he
seems happy yeah yeah I mean yeah it was
there's what is happy right is it is he
happy and bursts well I guarantee you
when I saw him when he was shooting his
fucking flamethrower and my for yay
he was happy your for yay yeah right out
here man yeah he had a fucking
flamethrower he was tapping that bitch
when he walked through the door
he's unboxing it in the middle of this
hallway out here is got flame there's a
picture of him standing in front of the
freak party sign yeah blowing flames
look at the smile on his face you can't
tell him he's not happy bro you know
what look at that smile he's happy as
fuck it's because he's a kid man yeah
we're in a lot of ways yeah there's this
there's this fucking guy forget his name
is dr. Robert pie or something that is
like his French consulting is like some
fucking genius and he's like decoded
cultures right and every culture he's
decoded and he people hire him to
consult right and like America's code is
it's the verb is to do and the time is
now right and we're just kids
at the end of the day right it's like
everything we will have big tits in
America right most popular plastic
surgeries big tits and like France most
popular plastic surgery is getting tits
were reduced right everything about them
is like precision and like the food on
the plate were their most popular
plastic that's what he said I mean maybe
it's changed to like lips or something
more common now but maybe the one you
have to go on Deficit a dark one
don't fuck with your lips lady I like it
when they get a little lips if they know
if you have a fucking B
but then you have a little something you
see the thing in there it's like it like
lets you know they're extra needy
there's like something going on they
wanted that they wanted their lips to be
you know there's like a symmetrical
proportion that your face is supposed to
fall into this Fibonacci sequence of
right numbers like if you get a nose job
I look at you and I go what's wrong like
something is wrong it registers wrong in
my head because your face so like re per
example yeah sorry got a nose job you're
like what the fuck is happening here yes
what's wrong with your face yeah you've
already had like a small Irish person's
nose he'd be like what is happening here
it's the same making sense yeah maybe
not for his face no right his face is
there's a sequence like your lips match
your face they they match how far your
eyes are a part where your nose is we
see a girl and just a little tiny little
skinny thing with little fingers and
also I just got this yes these big weird
lips don't we like things that like
stand out like we like skinny with big
tits we do wrong to it right with other
things that are abnormal do nice big
slut it's a trick the big tip one is a
trick because it represents where sexual
viability it represents your ability to
breastfeed a child right which is
attractive to your genes doesn't make
any sense yeah I said you would know
that there's a bag of water underneath
her skin that she had a tube down her
throat taped to her face yeah she's half
dead they're cutting her open with a
sharp knife yeah and stuffing this bag
of water under the meat of her breast
tissue yeah or they're cutting her
nipple off and opening up like a fucking
manhole lover and pumping that fucker in
there it's crazy like we know that
that's what happened and we still think
it's hot all those things are nuts I'm
Chilean bro yeah yeah it's in here we
can't help it but like it bothers me
when it's a but when it's a fake but it
bothers me like if there was a way that
a girl could lift weights at the gym and
make her tits bigger and she went and
got fake tits
you wouldn't like them as much wait a
minute wait a minute oh yeah yeah yeah
knowing you can earn it yeah you could
arrest I might yet lazy lazy but thing
is it's
you off if it doesn't match the legs
like if a girl's got a big butt I got
some legs like damn this bitch is dead
lifts yes you know like that's hot yeah
it's like I've never said that in my
head but I know what you're talking to
member said this bitch's bitch good
squat I say that all the time just go
work out it up I guess I like girls with
legs that look like they can carry shit
yeah
it's hot yeah I'm heavy carrying me
around can get tired but it but I like
girls that are athletic or you know I
like it it's hot so if a girl's got a
big ass cuz she's squatting that's hot
yeah but girl's got a big ass cuz she
went to surgery on my bitch you're gonna
get cancer
yep she's cancer now do you know that
yeah way from implants yes they're
starting to see cases of butt cancer
whoa jack that's what you like I'm
talking about son
bro that that's power that's too strong
for me oh don't be scared I'm afraid
that that girl hurt you she will yeah
that is that's like trying to fuck
CrossFitters fist you know I'm saying
like power look at that lag do it
attaches a ha outstanding I mean the
butt cheeks are it's the thigh meat it's
too much he's an athlete I like it yeah
I don't know I like that if that girl's
in a miniskirt but if she's not flex
inch part looks hot as fuck you so
you're into a very strong now
I like good jeans this kind of other
ones Jamie I mean this girl has stacked
that girl stacked the only problem with
those gals is that there is a reality to
certain levels of musculature that most
likely they're only achieved by
injecting male hormones so the klitz
kind of get big or whatever a little bit
have you ever seen that are you allowed
to like fuck around what's your
relationship with your wife definitely
not no okay okay how long you been
married ten years ten years okay and
then how do you yeah do you have a gate
that no yes could you please explain to
me how you do this mess lazy way jackoff
how does it work game yeah the this this
level of athleticism miles Han
yeah like there's a certain line that
there are they are crossing but most
likely is because of male hormones yeah
I can't get into it there's there's some
level to that do they grow some hair
jiu-jitsu girls there's a lot of
jiu-jitsu girls that are competitive
Jitsu girls that start doing a little
bit of steroids they start taking a
little bit of testosterone yeah
like a friend of Mines wife was doing it
I was like hikes you saw the stuff yeah
she's really getting into jiu-jitsu
she's competing and she's starting to
take a little bit of testosterone I was
like okay you know happens though my
whole day and horny really like a dude
really yeah but they got this big
dangling Claire I don't know it only
gets big when they go whole hog like
when they go bodybuilder found a real
bodybuilder weigh-ins big no every day
went back in the day no never never
fucked a girl was a body built never
what never no girl was like like very
fit and strong but she had a normal
vagina normal clip totally normal clear
back though weird okay yeah it's a
little true so it's not feminine it's
not nothing but this clipping fascinates
me so the clit it just is there like is
that you can't put a picture of that up
can we look at them no no tell us can
you pull it up doesn't you know what it
is a little dick a little that's what
I'm wondering it doesn't have like the
head and like the rim s oh yeah here bro
are you saying you've never looked at
enlarged klitz you never done that
that's exactly what I'm saying
I look fake pussy's I worked up like
tranny pussy's but I didn't look up and
those that's not good what do you mean
the tranny bosom what do you mean
they're not good like date it's not good
it's not real yeah I know it's not real
but I do want to be able to tell can you
tell no but I feel like bro there's a
dick on inside a nut yeah that's what
happens that's not real no it is real it
is real oh wait no no it is gross no way
how about that one in the lower right
hand upper right hand corner oh the dark
one
Jamie they'll blow that that one pow how
you like me now that's a dick he has
balls yeah no no that's balls bro that's
not that's not
that's Lucy lips Doug okay slips now
that one down there what about the giant
one below that Jamie dude the one middle
what's happening there no bro that just
looks like a witch finger that might is
gnarly
yeah that's Photoshop that has to be
dude this is on my Florida real him
freak porn yeah dude
well when girls take a lot of
testosterone they do develop in large
klitz there was a show on HBO back in
the day I think was called private dicks
but it was like that girls into that
though no that's a little much yeah
that's a Shaw
yeah that's Lera she's pretty looking
though she wasn't flexing how to eat a
couple sandwiches but anyway there was a
show on HBO called private dicks okay
and one of the people on it I think that
was from that show but what anyway there
was this lady was talking about she
became a trans man okay war and by
through taking massive amounts of
testosterone her clip grew she said to
the size of a thumb yeah because they're
taking I don't even understand carry on
high levels of testosterone to sort of
achieve that they get hair on their face
their voice DBA yeah you know they get
broader and thicker and they keep a lot
of that too
I don't get it I don't understand so
your clit is just your is just a cock
essentially right well not really
it just resembles one I mean if you
looked at that if my dick look like that
I'd go right to the doctor I'm like
which one the long run which is finger
yeah with the joints yeah it seems like
a joint it seems like a clit with no
skin or get dick with no skin
yes that made me feel uncomfortable to
look at it should imagine pulling a
girl's panties now sure that things if
it happened to a friend of mine dongs
boyfriend okay a friend of mine who I
used to work with on a television show
her
she was only story about her
ex-boyfriend met this girl and they're
fooling around and they get back to her
but and she was pretty feminine but she
had a clit like a pinky it's the way he
described it and then he pulled her
pants down and then fucking panicked and
then said oh my god I have to pick my
friend up at the airport fuck I can't
believe this and he just that was his
excuse
the dude panicked he went into a
full-blown panic and just ran out he
couldn't deal with her clit I mean it
gets to a certain size where that's like
yeah if it's wrapped around her leg and
tied in a bow you're like oh you know
like kind of like push it to the side to
insert you gotta hold it like a handle
it's like the reins on a horse like
you're hanging on to it it's like just
did the random shape of the human body
and how we've decided that this is
what's appealing right hourglass figure
yeah the ass comes out the tits are here
it makes it look like she's like
sexually viable and she'll be good at
like the big ass and all that fat around
that area means she's got a plenty
plenty of nutrients for the child like
right wide hips it means the baby's
gonna come out easy all those things are
like directly connected to fertility so
we're not objectifying them at all well
we are but it's nature that's caught
like there's a reason why the standard
that men are after when it comes to
women it was rectly connected to them
baby think you're gonna make some kids
yeah so me thinking you have great you
know hips or tits or something like that
is efficient yeah it's not sexist it's
not hateful it's not in any way
objectifying or maybe we're supposed to
objectify to create people hmm I think
there's that too but then there's also
like if a girl's in really good shape
one of the things that you admire is
that that girl's got she's got
discipline and power like a girls
hitting the gym all the time and working
out oh that's a girl gets things done
like if you see a girl and she's lazy
and her body is just like soft doughy
she's like skinny fat yeah yeah like oh
you're gonna complain a lot you're gonna
hate a lot
naps yeah you know you know what up
after this getting after it yeah you
have to get things done you're gonna
want to be you gonna be sad you're gonna
want to complain you're gonna want to
stay home and stop but is that
biological is that smart you think it is
yeah this some biological to it your
body rejects that because you know that
this girl like if the shit hits the fan
and fucking apocalypse comes got to take
your children and go to the mountains
right this girl's gonna be tired all the
time stop lane but he's gonna weigh you
down
she's not gonna carry her own weight I
like a gal who can carry your own weight
right and you can't do that if you're
carrying a big old clip leaves stuck to
it no imagine if women had dicks and men
had pussies and we were just really into
big dicks just just as possibly a by
means of called gay guys but now the
arbitrary shape they like you strange
yeah we attract sea horses right isn't
the male seahorse have a pussy while the
male seahorse accepts eggs from the
female there's actually video of it
sounds pretty gay to me yeah she pours
her eggs into a sack in his body it's
very straight knotted in it looks like
they're kissing while they do it it's
really weird I'm okay with it
oh you got a video of it oh yeah here it
should in perspective when you look at
the old weird fucking animal seahorses
anyway yeah like what a strange little
creature it's so weird I think that's
why we like nature stuff because it like
it puts in perspective how fucked up
humans are look at that dude that's
that's her him is that him giving birth
dude that's how I come with look at that
kicks fucking shotgun dude I come the
opposite way I feel pulling back on a
punch yeah but you got matches one of
those ones that's stuck in there one of
them little baby seahorses like ah I
mean you forever
because he's the last of them is like
the last is like one or two at a time
see like these one guy it's the last
drop
he just keeps pumping huh but there's
nothing coming out okay those are babies
so those are sperm babies that's so we
didn't see them like have sex with each
other maybe hatches inside of his body
yeah that's crazy dude
thank God we gotta do that imagine all
the what a drag did your did your wife
do natural no see oh no no no no no
waste oh oh I mean natural but like yeah
yeah yeah epidural man the c-section
thing that means with some women it's
imperative they have to do it like maybe
they have small hips right you date one
of those like a little girl date one of
them bent big giant dudes a gorilla
fucks you I am fascinated by it when
like have you ever seen that guy the guy
from Game of Thrones
the amount with tiny she's doing the
mountain up she weighs three pounds
let's see it Liz she looks like a chick
she's smaller in comparison to him than
my eight-year-old is in comparison to me
hell yeah look at that
oh he is smokin that dude oh how is that
humanly possible that that works she's
this beautiful little tiny creature and
he's one of the biggest human beings do
you think that he's packin I don't think
he's pack why are you talking he's got a
big piece he's got a dick like
everything else you see on him if he
didn't have a dick like that you'd be
stunned by the size of his hands his
shoulders he probably has a small seal
in his pants
he's getting t-shirts his strong
motherfucker sighs dick yeah big giant
anteater yeah hello fin trunk that's
that's oh wow I don't know if he got the
piece man would you turn that big if you
had a piece like this he's a savage he's
from fucking Iceland that's what they do
they're different humans out there man
those are Vikings yeah there's a reason
why he's that big no bullshit that is
Viking DNA it's just the best years ago
guys like him would be on a boat with a
fucking dragon in the front of the boat
and they'd have a sword and they
couldn't wait to jump off that fucking
boat and start hacking people to bits
yeah that's why that guy exists that's
why he's so big yeah yeah you just took
the best genetics from wherever you stop
that's why Iceland did you vice did a
whole piece on Iceland okay about all
the strongman competition winners that
live in Iceland okay they're all Vikings
man its Viking DNA real a hundred
percent okay but isn't Viking DNA okay
we went to Italy we raped some chicks in
Italy we bring them back death they
bring back the best women but they're
the ones who survived all these battles
this is so big man you got to read this
article that Vice did on these strongmen
in Iceland okay it's crazy bro yeah yeah
there's a whole country filled with
gorillas big white gorillas that are
just smashing pussy and lifting weights
and throwing fucking beer barrels over
the top of train like fences that's huge
there's a apparently there's an app in
Iceland to make sure you don't fuck your
family member - bro cuz there's only
only like 300,000 people right on the
island right so everybody down everybody
a lot of people are very related so you
can like type your name it will say oh
you're Genson Jorgensen ours fuck Oh
Oh with a drum by the bed I do beat the
drum Oh boom give me a pace to go to
yeah
damn that's a crazy crazy race of humans
man you ever go there ice no no I'd like
to go I'd like to go there just to see
the Northern Lights it's one of the
things that I had thinking that I need
have you been yeah you saw the Nepean
sign up there what is it oh you did yeah
yeah in Alaska it's harder in the city
when you're to say but uh yeah they love
stand up there I think like I think
they're their president or something was
like a huge Stanhope fan likes good
stand-up - yeah make sure I'm not
missing but like a pair I think he was a
like a massive Doug Stanhope fan they
were good man they like know English
they're like apparently the KFC there
they of save one KFC huh it's popular as
fuck well the rules for food are super
like high so it's like the best chicken
tenders you've ever had
oh because they don't let process
bullshit none of that right but it's
still caves so you could do that one you
have a country that as as many people as
Boulder Colorado right that's the thing
people don't get like when you've got a
feed 300 million people it's like we're
gonna GMO some shit right yeah like
we're gonna use corn 300 million people
yeah it's like like what a mom has nine
kids it's like there's gonna be some
grits yeah like mmm
yeah McDonald's is gonna work but yeah
Iceland was a shit in the Northern
Lights you look at Northern Lights and
you're like oh I completely get why
people believed in God oh yeah like you
can't not does that make sense or you
look in the sky and it's painting itself
yeah
you're gonna believe what did they think
it was back that had to be the guy
dancing I wonder what they thought I'm
wondering buttocks explanation they have
for the Northern Lights how do you not
like years ago I don't know man
sometimes the more I like look it I was
raised without any religion but like the
more I look at it now I think it's just
people trying to explain it was like
there's like people use this look at
that real color for Minnesota yeah yeah
you can see it Wow but go to another way
for me I didn't experience like that's
Nowitzki it's more just like that name
Dirk Nowitzki or probably thinking
no I heard that name - Travis Nowitzki
he's he was that gotta do is he's just a
famous photographer perhaps try to photo
yeah photography by Travis Nowitzki yeah
I think that's what it is I think I
think I've seen his yeah I think he does
a lot of nature shit yep
how could you not do it like how can you
how do you blame anybody for believing
in something bigger oh just a storm man
yeah you know a hurricane like yeah we
live in big cities this shit is not real
you live in the Bahamas and you see the
power of a fucking hurricane it puts
things in perspective like you know how
important we think we are that goes away
when you know at the blink of an eye
your house everything you worked for is
gone because of wind mm-hmm wind and
water holy shat shit right there look at
that pig that's where it's crazy Wow
says northern the lights now appear in
Central Europe this is because of
climate change wasn't I supposed to get
hotter I don't know what that means like
why is it saying well go to that article
why is it saying that noise right now up
here what what is thank scroll down roll
scroll down no says Europe much of the
US Central Europe and much of the US I
didn't know that much of the us's
northern you can see my oh hi oh
sometimes alas you can see the naught
you've seen it I have not but I mean the
other pictures show soda you fuckin Ohio
people do an ass in the parking lot
seeing lights in the sky yeah there's
that fucking big storm is hitting
central us today right I got fog then
like Denver were they calling a bomb why
they call kalam cyclone as its clickbait
marketing it's good marketing bomb like
bombs you're gonna read article is a
problem yeah right bombs Gary do
marketing's fucking everything I thought
this shit like look when we were just
talking about the uncircumcised like
like that even that term is so dumb
right it's a normal deck yeah yeah like
what it is it's a dick why don't we yeah
why would we even use that yeah right
well what's crazy is it's more common to
be cut
you're it's more common that a dick is
sliced off when you're a baby
yeah she's they take the cap off than it
is then and then when it's not we're
like what's why didn't her parents cut
your cock when you were born what about
that why you have the blanket over the
top of the head cut that off expose that
try that head out yeah weird
yeah it's listening man you get people
to believe anything it's like you've got
to grow it into them you know it's
there's this uh I feel like I've tell a
story every single time I'm talking on
podcast but like there's this great
thing about how Nescafe broke into the
Japanese market if you heard about this
no and it's like they went to this
consulting they're asking him how do we
get in and he's like you can't get in
and like what do you mean he's like it's
gonna be 15 years all right what are you
talking about he goes well they don't
know what the fuck coffee is over there
okay you're trying to bTW you're not tea
so what you're gonna do is you're gonna
make a cartoon and you're gonna spend
some a few million on that and then
you're gonna make a candy based on a
cartoon and then that candy is gonna be
flavored as coffee and when these kids
grow up they're gonna have this memory
of coffee and the flavor of the smell of
coffee and I think last week they just
opened the biggest Starbucks in the
world in Tokyo and these people devour
coffee like no other and the idea is
like the takeaway for me the reason why
I tell the story all the time is like
change comes from underneath yes is this
how they approached it they actually did
it that way that's that's that's the
same guy that consultant rep I I think
his name is and he's a book or something
I called the culture code my buddy's
doing like a series with him trying to
break it down but the idea is like if
you want to change any the same reason
why I did my shit on YouTube is like if
you want to change any industry or
something like that it's never going to
come within the traditional structure
you know I mean it's like I would never
be able to do the type of jokes I was
doing on on maybe you are and the bigs
can but me they'd be like I don't that
jokes about you know trans people you
can do that Center so it's like if I
want to make it okay I got to do it
outside mm-hmm you know I have to go a
little bit outside of the industry and
make it okay and the way they were
thinking was hey let's get underneath
and just fucking to grow these ideas in
I think that's why we fight wars over
ideas all the time right it's like
people understand oh shit if people
start believing in socialism or whatever
the new thing they want us to be afraid
of now they believe in it and it sounds
good enough
they'll want it so we got to nip this in
the bud of Vietnam yeah you know there's
a little bit of that
I mean Vietnam is super complicated it
depending on who you ask most like it
was about heroin a lot of the whole war
you think a lot of it yeah a lot of it
was about the heroin trade billions
billions and billions and billions of
dollars controlling the heroin trade
really yeah I more so then then the
spread of this ideology stands about the
heroin trade my understanding was with
yeah i understood that heroin ramped up
radically but there's all sorts of
positive aspects to most of the ideas
that they push right right there's
positive aspects of trying to stop
terrorism there's positive aspects to
trying to stop radical fundamentalists
right taking over parts of the world and
radicalizing segments of the population
and making these terrorist cells and
attacking cities and doing a lot of
things that we know really do happen
that's true but what's also true it's a
hotbed for heroin so it's a win-win
there's a Geraldo Rivera segment on Fox
News where Geraldo Rivera was talking to
soldiers who were guarding poppy fields
and they were explaining that the u.s.
soldiers had to guard the fucking heroin
because this is how they got these
Afghani farmers to cooperate against the
radical fundamentalist that we're
running these religious sects watch this
shit put the headphones on fighting the
opium trade
a Marja this town in the middle of
Helmand process province was the easy
part the hard work now is governing this
province of province as you suggest that
has become addicted to opium in many
many ways that is the principal crop
that is being grown here the Taliban
lend the farmers the money they are
indebted to the Taliban they have to
grow the opium now the Marines in their
success are in a sense of victim of
their success because now the population
is you know if they have these opium
fields and we are tolerating it we are
tolerating the cultivation of the opium
because we know that if we were to
destroy it now the population would turn
against the Marines and it would be a
real just clearly risk let me introduce
Lieutenant Colonel Bryan Christmas here
the commander arguing the syrup the 3rd
battalion 6th Marines really a wonderful
group of Marines here position if you
lay on the you tubers gonna be a problem
let's pull this now stop now because so
but they're getting heavy with heavy
hands that against copyright so this is
interesting because this is this is this
the gray area we're talking this was
early in the war I mean this is like
what was that from I want to say that
was probably from 2005 yeah dude this is
doesn't yeah this is the great right
this is hey this is how a country makes
its money there's it's not just that
someone's profiting there's fuckin pay
millions for their GDP some one is
profiting I do not know where the
money's all going but there are billions
of dollars involved in heroin right
billions people are buying it all over
the world ninety something percent of it
comes from Afghanistan
do the math just do the math we're still
there I mean Sturgill Simpson wrote a
bit about it or a wrote a song about it
and they played that song on Saturday
Night Live and I don't even think they
knew what the fuck the song was about
right and he's up there playing a song
about the government being involved in
the heroin trade I mean there's
something to it there's some and you say
oh that's conspiracy theory stop stop
there really is billions of dog
and heroin being grown in Afghanistan
the production of heroin really did ramp
up considerably the US invasion is it
possible that this is their commerce and
a singer goes on SNL exposes Afghan
heroin trade and no one even notice
that's my boy
but it's assumption what that this is
their commerce in the same way like some
communities fish this community plants
poppies and they perhaps what are they
doing with all that money
that's the question Ram or goat are they
getting well they're doing
Afghani go to delicious I don't know
what they're doing I don't know I just
can't imagine someone is not getting a
cut of this and I can't imagine that
there's no might as well there's no
mainstream investigative work that's
being done to sort of expose us I don't
know I mean I might be good why not
maybe these farmers are not making all
the money maybe the money is all going
to drug dealers and we let that happen
happy fucked up it'd be cool if every
cool they got it but like look the world
is fucked bro like this shit ain't
peaches and cream man it's like every
time I see one of these stupid Senate
hearings where they're like did you do
some bad things in South America it's
like yeah yeah bad shit happens when
Trudeau is involved in that thing and
like what is it Libya you know like when
they were bribing you hear about this
Trudeau from Canada yeah there's this
big scandal up there in Canada because
he was involved you know with this
company which is a Quebec company that
was that paid like thirty six million
dollars to bribe the Libyan government
for like some contracts and it's like oh
yeah that's how it gets done over there
you bribe the government for contracts
and these people in the Canadian
government like how could he this is
against his policies it's like no no
welcome to the real world the the you're
operating in the 1% of the world which
has these rules we just made the fuckup
of fairness and equality and equity and
all this bullshit it's like the real
world is hey I'd like to do this can I
give you some money and we make it
happen
the real world is Geraldo Rivera walk
into heroin fields talking to a general
that's the real fucking world town
there's a lot of that yeah I mean it
would be nice if everywhere was like
America
but I don't know if it that's what's
really fucked up right like with this
fairphone shit I don't know if that gets
done I don't know if I don't know if you
get an iPhone unless it's getting made
by someone who's making five hours a
week I don't I don't know if you do and
if you do get it how much does it cost
tons what is it like three thousand
dollars how much does it cost
who's gonna pay like you you already
struggling you already got two kids
right I mean like you bills to pay like
you gonna spend $3,000 when you already
struggling we're operating from a place
where we have some excess people are
trying to make it everyday here yeah
they don't give that's why the election
should is so simple to me like the
Democrats are gonna offer money and
Republic's gonna offer jobs and you see
it happening right now it's like every
platform for the Dems on some level is
here's some money
hey we should look into reparations
here's some money your boy yang was on
here how long we just gave everybody
$1,000 here's some money
yeah just given money right now let's
break up Facebook and did it well that's
one of the reasons why for hardworking
people the Republicans are so attractive
even though a lot of people they fall
into a lower-income community like that
they're not these rich cats they would
think they would be looking to have you
know like big business succeed but the
message is that you roll up your sleeves
and you get to work and that you work
hard you don't get a free ride and they
like that that's also one of the reasons
why people that are Republicans are more
likely to be involved in churches and a
lot of church-going organizations
because that's where their community
comes from and community support instead
of getting community support from the
the government they don't get community
support from local churches that's a
good point yeah so you have your support
you have your we all need that man yeah
that's something that really is missing
with atheists yes
community yeah and they're miserable
yeah there I've never met this happy
atheist it's like they're vegans it's
like stop convincing me that God does go
if you believe it we're good yeah you
don't need to convince me right if you
are trying to convince me cuz you don't
believe it well it's not that they don't
believe it it's just a nerve eyebrow
their overzealous dude what do people
who are over cells are overcompensating
for something right a lot of times what
are you overcompensating for with God
cuz you know shit is bigger than you
cuz you fuckin look up sometimes you're
looking at the stars and you're like
fuck something's up I don't know what it
is I don't know if it's God I don't know
if it's aliens I don't know what's going
on
but you are minuscule yeah and that's
hard for people to take man it's like do
you think that's why they're really into
pushing atheism I think it's cuz the
religion that they see is so offensively
stupid I mean look it was a funny thing
that happened the other day where Pete
Davidson did a joke on SNL about the
Catholic Church and the Catholic Church
demanded an apology right forgive him
yeah you're the forgiveness people why
my apology how about he made a joke
about child molesting you guys are the
number one kid fuckin organization in
the world
how worried about jokes and paying
attention the fact that you basically
run a kid fuckin organization that also
sells Jesus kff can fuck a factory Bell
that's man in a lot of ways and but at
the same time there's the gray air
because they do a lot of fucking good
yes they save a lot of people's lives
they feed a lot of people right yeah so
it's like they they give people
community to give people a place to
connect yes yeah we're in the most
connected time in history and we're the
most fuckin disconnected think about
that we've got a million friends on you
know Facebook and all these other things
and people are lonely because we're
connected with electronic devices
connecting we're not connected with life
right and and we're and we're connected
to outcome right we're connected to hope
did this picture I post get enough likes
yeah right that's where they really
fucked people with likes once they
figured out how to get people like
supremely addicted to interactions and
exchanges and likes man dude you know
when like you know movies in the morning
you wake up and you smoke a cigarette
mm-hmm right like that was what the
movies we watched coming up and that was
the first thing that the badass or
something like that did in the movie
wake up roll over undo the pack you know
whatever it will be look at your phone's
mentions there's gonna be some of that
that's good
what these characters do yeah yeah so
it's like what do you do you got kids do
you take do you say no how do you how do
you teach your kid I don't have kids I
don't know but like I think about this
all the time how do I teach my kid to
not put his whole fucking value in the
hands of get them involved in sports
cuz you learn yeah you learn reality you
learn reality yeah you if you don't get
that ball in the net it does not score
you know there's no points for effort
yeah there's no you don't doesn't work
that way you got to learn what real life
is and you got to learn that there is it
feels uncomfortable to fail but that
uncomfortable feeling that you get is
fuel and then it will generate your kids
fail will you let them fall on their
face they fall on the first of all time
my kids do sports you know that they've
been involved in athletics in some form
whether it's martial arts or gymnastics
since they were little they do things
that are difficult we do stuff as a
family that are difficult we do like
escape rooms we play games we do things
that are hard I don't let them win all
right yeah I mean my little one I let
her win sometimes and stuff like we play
carnival games against each other or
something like that a lot of carnival
games yeah I could go to like Circus
Circus like when I was in Vegas I was in
Vegas for this thing that my daughter
was doing so I took my youngest daughter
Circus Circus for playing these carnival
games okay I'll let her beat me a bunch
of times Shh don't tell her but that's
where I'm fun yes laughing being silly
talking trash to each other - yes she
high-fives me and stuff it's fun but uh
I I think there's value in learning that
it sucks to lose yeah because that makes
you reassess like what you did that the
other person did better and how do I
beat them yeah it's like what we're
talking about weed but weed making you
nervous and makes you paranoid like I
like that what I like is like I'm
entirely too successful
I like how vulnerable I think this is
it's a lot of good to that you know like
legitimately I like that feeling because
it makes me it makes me more connected
it makes me more humble what do you mean
you're too successful well you can only
have so much success in this life
before you start thinking that you're
different than other people you know
it's you're thinking that you're
something special yeah yeah it's you
look if you're on a path right if
everybody's on the path and you start
off here and then X amount of years
later you're way away yeah you could
start thinking oh I'm better than all
those motherfuckers yeah but you're not
you just you just have been on this path
longer and you haven't fallen off of it
you've figured out what you need to do
stay on that path we know a lot of
people that were on the path at one time
in their career and then something
happened and they lost their enthusiasm
or their body wasn't as healthy or
whatever the fuck happened and they
dropped off I'm still on that path why
I'm because I figured it out what is it
keep going keep going don't be a pussy
keep working improve objectively analyze
in your performance look at what you're
doing wrong treat everything with
respect treat all of your endeavors with
focus and intensity and intention look
at what you're doing and and pay
attention and do the work do the goddamn
work do the writing do their performing
you'll see me I'll do four or five sets
a night in LA and I'm doing 15 20
minutes half hour I'll do an hour here
I'll go down the Icehouse I'll do an
hour the Icehouse do two shows the
Icehouse tomorrow night I go I go
there's no excuses I go you know it's
like the end to me the way I've got it
set up it's great my kids go to bed by
the time my kids are in bed I leave
you're out you know I say goodnight I
tuck them in I'm out the door I'm headed
to the club I'm home in four hours you
know and when I'm when I'm done I get in
front of the computer and I write I
write I get up in the morning I see him
off to school go back to sleep or I go
to the gym I get things done keep moving
yes I keep moving shark my job is the
task it's like my job is I'm trying like
right now it's the most exciting time
for me in my career arc my my comedy arc
because my comedy arc is put out special
it's very exciting when you're putting
out a special but then the most exciting
time is you know my special came out in
October yeah so then those months
afterwards where it's this mad rush to
create a new a new hour in and
solidifying perspectives and honing
material and uncovering new layers and
looking at it and reanalyzing it
stepping back and listening to it drunk
and listening to it sober and and and
and smoking weed and going over it again
and just spending time mashing the keys
spending time looking at the notes you
can type your stuff you know yeah yeah
yeah yeah it's very valuable to be able
to type because you can get out your
thoughts way quicker than you can
writing yeah writing makes you remember
it better than right yeah remember it
better when you write it down physically
on paper yeah so if you look at my
notebooks I'm like a maniac I'll write
the same thing over and over and over
again because I'm just writing down my
set yeah and writing down my bits and
the key parts of the bit so that I have
them solid in my brain yeah but my
writing in terms of like my most
prolific creation of things that I never
thought of before comes out writing with
a keyboard writing on a computer but can
you write how you speak nope but I don't
have to so it's just that I come up with
gems right this year and they form yes
if I was gonna write a bit about Geraldo
Rivera and the poppy seeds right I would
smoke a joint
I would sit down and I would just go
router Rivera with his porn moustache
strolling around these trained killers
in Afghanistan wearing his goofy ass
fucking tie right I wonder how those
dudes think notice I think Alone's dudes
think about strutting around puffing his
chest out hanging around these guys been
blown people's brains outs for the last
six months protecting America while
they're also simultaneously protecting
hair what like is that when your boy
gets shot protecting a fucking heroin
field and it doesn't even make it into
the paper and then I'll just start going
and going and going and going and I
might type out a few thousand words and
then when I go back I might have two
lines or or a seed yeah then I'll take
that seed on stage and then I'll try to
see if I could water that bitch or if
it's toxic no no no you know no how long
will you give the toxic that depends
depends on the pit some bits are just
juicy right out of
Ochs some bits he just start them up and
you're like oh we got one kid yeah yeah
you know and the ones that like what
about the ones that don't work but you
know there's something there oh you've
seed it how long will you water depends
on how how intense it is it depends on
what's there for me like I had this bit
about Bruce Jenner like what really
happened like with Bruce Jenner okay you
know and I got to try to figure out how
do I make fun of this guy becoming a
woman how do I do this yeah like how do
i how do I figure out how to do this and
the way to do it for me was to make fun
of myself living with all women because
I have a wife and I have three daughters
and it's like this law holds feminine
energy around me and like that they
diminish my manhood so that I had this
like that I've never been happier but
I've never been more of a bitch in my
life this whole long and then it got to
you know I've never been more of a bitch
in my life but I'm telling you this I'm
not going out like Bruce Jenner boom and
the whole thing was everyone's like oh
he's a woman trapped in a man's body
maybe maybe or maybe if you live with
crazy bitches long enough you fucking
around okay yeah and then I got it this
whole bit about the Kardashians
becoming like these gargoyles and
hovering over his bed and talking to him
while he's sleeping he's a long time
yeah there's a that's something I would
love people I would love for people to
know I mean I do this I do this joke all
the inside jokes where I just get comics
to come and we we take our most divisive
premises no one can we work it out
together
yeah and that'll be so cool to it with
you man we'll do it I'll definitely do
that be sick no Chris Rock went through
that with his probably one of his most
famous bit right his most faint one of
his most famous bits is I love black
people
I hate and we're - yeah yeah so that bit
is one of his most popular all-time bit
he told me he bombed with that for a
year oh yeah a year yeah said it could
you couldn't get it to work
yes but this is a fucking workhorse some
people don't know about Chris man like
it's a great story that exposed
everything about him he was filming his
special at the Apollo in New York mm-hmm
and there was an after party for his own
special that he left so that he could go
work on that set at the strip Wow
so that's work yeah right you gotta do
man
the guy didn't become one of the biggest
an ups of all combat same with the shit
work the chef works yeah keV is out
there what rabbit makes you tired
exhausting yeah yeah and we get it you
can jog yeah yes with him it's like he's
like our joke version of the rock you
know you know I'm saying like because
you fucking never never ends it's all
private jets and hitting the gym yeah
and fucking concerts in front of 50
million people he's it's the same shit
man like this isn't an accident once
would wedding is an accident they can
expose the ones that are faking the funk
boy that's the reason why Netflix took
out the fucking thumbs up thumbs down
you know all that shit and everyone they
liked you because there was a few those
specials that look this their specialty
that have been on comedy YouTube is
interesting because they still have this
thumbs-up thumbs-down you know which
people do game but the reality of that
thumbs up thumbs down is you get to see
what the fuck people really think
absolutely to a certain extent you think
I think it's a hundred percent bullshit
doesn't really point it was it was
useful but now back to your like point
that you have it you have a little bit
about how many thumbs up and thumbs down
have you ever clicked on zero right yeah
so a certain subset of the population is
thumbs up and thumbs down it's like well
it's like yellow leave comments yeah
yeah or bright reviews for fucking food
I think you've heard a madrigals bit
about that no it's a good bit of us I
forget wake I don't want a butcher but
if something about like someone left
like a like a 3 out of 5 review and it's
like who the fuck are you like I get if
you loved it right or you hated it right
what the that's good right about some
people fancy themselves to be like
foodies and a journalist you know
exploring the subtle nuances of cuisine
if you're hungry it's good it is but
when you see a guy like Andrew Zimmerman
traveling around the world and doing
that or you see Anthony Bourdain or a
lot of these people you tame I want to
be lense for culture though Yeah right
it was like it was more than just food
it was like what is this food say about
the people some of the other guy like
like I mean I don't know Zimmern what is
it the weird food guy yeah first of all
he looks like a salmon and it's just
weird when you look at him right yeah
it's just Anna's making his way up a
fish let's try to get he's trying to get
I would say a tuna okay he's got a
little tuna at him mmm
handsome fella gorgeous could be on a
bill um anyway yeah I don't know why the
fuck they're leaving these things but
it's you know they invested so much
money in certain things that were
getting down likes and I was like yeah I
guess they were doing it with stars
right was it stars with Netflix yeah
yeah they pulled the star system
too bad I had a lot of motherfucking
stars bitch yeah people are gonna watch
your people gonna watch yours regardless
I think you give them an advil and
added-value
there's certain people that give Netflix
the added value and there's certain
people that want the value from but it's
also they're documenting some of the
greatest stand-up specials in the
history of stand-up yes like the
Chappelle specials maybe some ones that
he did they're putting that stuff out
there and they're they're doing it in a
way where no one else would do it like
HBO which was the gold standard for the
longest time yeah they would never do to
Dave Chappelle specials at the same time
Netflix is like okay we'll do names like
I got this new shit I want to do I'm
gonna do it in the belly room economy
store you know and Dave was so
ridiculous about it I
Dave and I were downstairs yeah while he
was doing this while he was filming this
we were downstairs in the smoking area
of the comic store getting high as fuck
yeah and he was so casual about his like
hey man you want to do a set like you
said on the bus just wanna watch I said
no no I did three sets tonight I go I'm
just gonna chill and hang out the back
of the room but he is so relaxed
like during his special being taped he's
offering me a guest set he's like hey
man we'll do a set you know he still
shows up he'll fly to places and show up
and just do guest set yeah I was in
Denver I come off the greenroom Friday
night as Chappelle's there and Chappelle
the greenroom
what are you doing commands feel like
coming to Denver I go you want to do a
set he's like oh yeah fuck it so I bring
them up on stage the audience is leaving
they're leaving come back yeah yeah yeah
comes back in just 40 minutes yeah it
was amazing because it's just that's how
he's doing it he's like he's doing it
for the art he's not doing it because
he's making any money loves he did a
free 40 minute show fucking for these
people that came there to see me yeah
fucking loves it and it loves it and
it's it's like true with him man he's a
perfect example of it just being true
he'll show up Monday night at the Comedy
Store in front of 13 people yeah and
he'll go on stage they'll do a half an
hour in front of 13 people and he'll
drink and he'll smoke cigarettes and
he'll talk shit and laughs at his own
jokes and everybody has like one of the
most magical experiences as a audience
member you could ever have I was young
comic in New York and there was a place
called the comedy village which was the
Boston to Boston sure so became comedy
village when did it become the village
no it's done now but now it's like a
Japanese restaurant Japs restaurant no
no but uh there's a in this is I'm young
like bark and asking people to come in
off the street right like and how old
were you when you started 23 23 23 yeah
and and Chappelle comes in and when he
gets on stage there's probably 13 people
in the crowd right and the fucking word
gets out and you just see people start
slowly grabs a goldfish you know what I
mean when they could send some little or
ducks or something like that when they
sent some breads coming in the pond and
the place was packed with in like 20
minutes walk outside it was just
everybody texting their friend oh my god
Chappelle zero so crazy and he did six
hours what's broke unreal dude hundred
there were bigger girls like falling
asleep or something maybe four hours
work four hours something like that it
will
one of these long ones landed its it was
jazz right it wasn't like it wasn't like
I'm doing bits and I'm murdering the
whole time he has this ability to make
the audience comfortable in tension so
that it is not anxiety inducing right
what what he can do is talk to you for
five minutes straight without a
punchline yeah as an audience member
you're not going oh my god this is right
is this guy not funny well that was when
he was he was doing that for awhile and
where he wasn't doing scheduled shows
all he was doing was these pop ends and
not only that but he brought a fucking
speaker and set up a microphone in the
park in Seattle outdoor outdoor you know
he did that early on yeah I was there I
wanted we watched him do it in Monty New
York or not do it in Montreal we did a
set together at club soda and after we
got out set we went outside and Dave
just said gather round people gather
right and he started doing stand-up to
people in the street and they were like
what in the fuck he was probably like 20
so do you know William Stephenson yeah
comic recipes
yes diverse and yeah he was one of the
original like comedy in the park guys
doing stand-up and what Charlie Barnet
was here Barnett yeah yeah yeah and Dave
would go with those jumps yep yep and
like can you imagine a more hostile
environment for stand-up than New York
City / New York City Park you compete
with guys doing front flips yeah over
Swedish pooris yeah and then there's a
guy just with jokes yeah hand hanging on
his you know handle in his own mm-hmm
it's like then you put him on a stage
with lights and fucking mic and some
cigarettes yeah that's yeah it
strength-training it's like running with
weights on so how do what the question
is how do we do that like how do you
find that the the more successful you
get when you have people that are coming
to see you no matter what where do we
get our strength training where do we
get my weight and get paranoid that's
what I'm saying feel scared yeah feel
nervous I like it I really do I do it
all I like I joke around on stage about
how I take edibles when I go to the
airport cuz I like feeling I want to
know what the fuck's really bothering me
but it's really true I really do do that
I take it edible when I fly just so I
can freak out because you're too
comfortable with this yeah I get
something out of that freaking out like
I'll find out where the holes in my game
are I'll find out where my mental game
is lacking what what's really bothering
me and then things that freak me out
that I don't like about myself I've work
on them a fix them you visit the wizard
you do you want to visit the wizard
I wonder if this comes from having a
fighting background because the one
thing about fighting is if you have a
hole in your game mm-hmm it's exposed in
the most brutal way
yeah right everything else in life you
can ignore the holes in your game yep
you can just make oh I'm not a bad
storyteller a they were just busy I
concentrate on my strengths yep boxing
or fight whatever it is it's just like I
better keep my hand up yep you better
patch up those holes bitch maybe that's
what it is with Stan yeah I think that's
what it is with me just that's my
formula I mean I don't recommend it to
everybody who's ever but it isn't have
the same personality like you might not
have those same deficiencies like it
actually might be psychologically
damaging to some people to get as high
as I get you know like it might fuck
with your head too much where you don't
come back from it I come back like a
nicer person but I'm in the same throws
of fucking agony that a lot of people
are when they get too high so you're
purposely yeah fucking you're shocking
my system
Shh yeah I purposely freak myself the
fuck out yeah and you don't think you'd
be able to create without it oh it
definitely could but not as good I don't
know if I can as good but I know it
works I like doing it I like doing it
because I always benefit from it I feel
like I come back from those little
paranoid journeys like a little bit of a
better person and I think it's been
responsible along with other
psychedelics and becoming a father all
those things may be a better person may
be a nicer person may be more
compassionate more understanding more
friendly yeah more
understanding is the big one more more
just I get it you know I don't want to
be confident all the time I don't want
to always be successful like people
listening right now that like that's all
they want but they haven't experienced
the other side of the coin yeah
Jun's saying but when people get too
confident and then they have an audience
right if you have an audience that's
part of the problem is we've all seen
this when comics become really
successful they work to their own crowd
and they don't do sets yeah they don't
do a set like I'll do at the store
you'll do where there's like ten people
on the line and see daliyah
yeah they might be there to see a
fucking Eliza they might not be there to
see me at all right but I want to hit
those motherfucker yes I want to hit
them hard and they want to go oh look at
this meathead
you know this fucking chimp looking dude
what's he gonna say like you you can't
be smart and funny you can't be
interesting
whatever their biases is I gotta figure
out a way to soothe that over and the
best way to do that is you got to
perform in hostile environments
occasionally ya know this is this also
critical man you're so critical have
good openers leg-up killers can I bring
murderers with me on the road only way
did I bring Joey Diaz on the road with
me man I brought Joey Diaz in the road
for years I would tell people they would
get white in the face they're like what
oh no open for you in Dallas ideas dead
Joey do you watch Joey Diaz in front of
6,000 ideas look important and you ain't
seen murderer
you ain't seen Joey Diaz at the Chicago
theater for 3700 people yeah and the
fucking lights are dimming yeah the
lights are fucking crushing so hard
people are falling down yeah they're in
pain yeah in pain yeah you've never seen
him live I was in love I've really
wanted to when I was in LA set it up how
long any town for I got to go tomorrow
you leaving tomorrow yeah
is he around tonight I'll find out I
would love to he might check they might
be doing set at the store tonight I'll
ask him Manus there he's the goat his
opinion really yep whoa I never seen
anybody funnier whoa he's might not be
the best writer and he might not have
the most consistently
after hours but in terms of the highest
highs that motherfucker breaks through
the magneto sphere and he he Wiggles out
into the outer atmosphere of space like
no one he hits these highs we're like
comics comics were crying like holding
your stomach crying and he's screaming
and yelling and it's like you ain't seen
nothing like it man he was on stage I
wrote about I put it on my Instagram the
other day he crushed so hard and I can't
even say what he was talking russian so
hard yeah and with such controversial
material so good unapologetic good push
yeah any one point time people were like
what the way he goes what do you want
from me I'm almost dead yep you think I
give a fuck and people were dying
I mean dying I don't think there's ever
been a person for I've seen everybody
dude I've seen everybody from Rock to
Chappelle the louis c.k I watched Sam
Kinison when he was alive I saw Bill
Hicks when he's alive I opened up I'm a
follow I had to follow Pryor when he was
dying when it looked for five weeks in a
row but I saw Pryor live I've seen
everybody live I saw Martin Lawrence and
he's in his prime
people forget out funny Martin Lawrence
was he was distraught I saw him back
when he's wearing leather jumpsuits he
realized man was leather jumpsuits and
smash smash just struggle on after him
but I never saw anybody like Joey Joey's
on another level who is who's your
toughest follow Joey
without a doubt yeah man you got a you
got to ride that wave but that's what's
good about is like if you're if you're
funny and you're working on your stuff
and you're you enjoy comedy you go on
stage already laughing so you go on
stage already in a good mood that's
that's what's up like part of the being
a tough tough follow is two things one
you're used to going on after scrubs and
there's a lot of guys that are good
comics but they like to bring scrubs on
the road with them and then they get
settled in in that easy sort I'm gonna
save the show exactly
there's a lot of guys that do that man
they'll take guys in the road with them
there really are barely professionals
yeah and these guys are filling theatres
yeah and they're bringing weak acts yeah
and they force this audience to sit
through a half an hour of bullshit
before they go onstage and then there's
guys who don't do it like that they just
look I don't know I don't know who was
doing it that way before I was doing it
but my thought was I like if a guy makes
me nervous when I go on after him that's
gonna make me ramp it up like I don't I
don't walk on stage cold I'm backstage
throwing punches and doing jumping jacks
and I'm doing breathing exercises when I
come onstage I'm fucking guns blazing
yeah that that's in you go on after Joey
Diaz when he hits that crescendo ready
when you came into the store I remember
I was about to ask you something and
you're on the wall and then you just
fold it in half and touch your toes and
I was like what the fuck is going khals
all right this is ritual I'm gonna let
him do his thing up yeah I get loose and
I figured out that over the over time
you could just walk on stage and
everything would be fine
yeah or you walk on stage with it
already you got some intention yeah I
can sometimes I got to remind myself of
certain things to get up there now the
most important thing I learned is
reminding myself that this crowd wasn't
at the last show yeah like you sometimes
you would take that energy from the
early show you're just bodying it and
you're like oh I got this let's go let's
just walk they weren't there so you
can't do that coming back yeah you know
you gotta you gotta always always
appreciate the audience's attention span
and that's something that I've really
learned from Boston and Boston it's cold
as fuck the women aren't the prettiest
in the world and people are angry yeah
and they got to work in the morning is
that a right B I'd be ready i Tuesday
night I did this I did this thing and I
never got picked up and I put it out as
part of this like series essentially
it's like I emulated Bourdain's thing I
want to look at a city through the lens
of comedy mood right and I the first
city I pick was Boston because all my
favorite comics are from Boston and I'm
like why the fuck
as this city produced so much funny
what are such immigrant people is that
it yeah so they wouldn't land the matter
and what type of funny huh Patrice
O'Neal's Marco right so it's like but
Patrice but is one of the girls for sure
you can do Bill Murray one-liners yeah
Burke late whatever Steven Steven Steven
Wright Conan is from the area I think
we're talking about all different types
of comedy mmm Silverman's I think from
New Hampshire or something like that
right but like there's something about
the region that no matter what style you
see you funny come from here yeah where
you're from area what what part is it
Newton Newton Boston you're actually
yeah yeah so start in Boston I knew you
started there but I didn't know if you
were from the city or what I was born in
New Jersey but I lived all throughout my
high school years and everything I lived
in Boston so it's like what the what the
fuck is it about this city what is
called what's cold as fuck it's cold in
Minnesota yeah but something there I was
too cold
hi you need to be warming up to talk to
people yeah you need to be warm enough
we go outside also well you know it's a
scene that's like a scene has to be
established too because Boston does not
have a scene it used to have in the 80s
right but LA has a better seen than ever
yes and scenes are fluid they come and
they go
you know like Denver has a scene and
they have a scene because of Wendy who
owns the comedy company lurks here but
there's there's different places that
have scenes and Barry Crimmins and Lenny
Clarke and Steve Sweeney and Don Gavin
or all those guys that were part of the
ding ho in the 1980s and Steve was on my
podcast yeah those guys created a scene
and through that scene the and because
they were all competing with each other
for spots on The Tonight Show and all
these different little venues they
created a monster dynamic where all
these young guys were coming up
following these killers and I was very
fortunate to be one of those guys and
that's why I wanted to talk to Steve and
tell him that on the shows like I saw
that fucking guy
I saw that guy murder murder to the
woman no and nobody was watching in
terms of like the national audience
it was just Boston but
he would go onstage at Nick's Connolly
stop and level the crowd leveled it like
a fucking hydrogen bomb dropped in the
middle of the room you know just boom so
you learn what killing is yeah like I
feel like one of the toughest things
about the alternative scenes and I'm not
knocking necessarily comedy but the the
litmus test for murdering is different
you know when I was coming up in New
York and I had to follow you know
recipes Mike DiStefano
you know Greer Barnes guys that maybe
are not household names but people on
career greens a beast Greer and I didn't
shows together we did colleges together
bro back on the road wave in the 90s if
if you want to know at least for me if
you want to know what Chappelle is
Chappelle is Tony woods and Greer
he is a Tony was another beast but Tony
is unfathomable but like he's the
gremlin that popped off of both of their
back so if you could mold them together
like everything that is amazing about
Tony and amazing about Greer well I mean
that's how it is with music that's how
it is with everything we need each other
you know that's why when I see a guy
like you coming up I'm like oh good
thank you
I'm happy you're around I like it I like
comedy if I stopped doing comedy
tomorrow I want more comedy to watch you
know I love LA I love laughing yeah I
like that's why I tell you I love sit I
sit down and watch Joey Diaz
I fucking love , here you know and bit
thing about Joey is Joey has new
material all the fucking time you go see
Joey now and you see him four months
from now you'll see a whole new set yeah
I got to see Joey while I'm out here
he's the best man he's doing his watch
him I'm gonna try to see if he's wears
yeah you guys have a show I think so
maybe I'll maybe I'll run over see it
Comedy Store what time 8:00 o'clock show
oh he's on the 8 o'clock show yeah hey
you're on the a talk show with me well
I'd be on later I'll find out when he's
up yeah whose shows tonight at the
Comedy Store
he's on the show a year before before
the 8 o'clock version of the Skyler's to
show oh my on that tonight 10 o'clock I
think I am
that's what it said okay oh yeah I guess
I am
all right I forgot I know I have a set
at the store but I guess I have to yeah
I just gotta see him mmm let's wrap this
up yeah Andrew thank you
here we go scoffs tone oh look at that
I'm on that gang yeah interesting
all right beautiful cool all right
motherfuckers that's it
tell everybody where to find your shit
Oh YouTube youtube.com slash the end
results you check out a V Andrew Schultz
yeah and Rachelle's was taking note e
initials and then Twitter and Instagram
just Andrew Schultz and yeah check out
the special man if you love it and you
know if you liked it share with your
friends I'd be awesome if not you know I
appreciate you too even just watching so
thank you so much for having me man it's
brother great contacts for being you
Louis I'd appreciate it love it love
seeing guys like you come up I
appreciate you all right bye everybody
we'll see you soon
[Applause]
[Music]